Listening to Meatloaf right now. Good bass, good sound, nice. I'm a really big fan of Anker products, so I bought these earbuds so I can test them out. Let's see how they are. It comes with this USB-C charging cable. Looks like these are some extra earpieces for different sizes. Open it up, and before you use it the first time, you will need to take this paper off. And it looks like these are charging in the case. Let's try these out. Hey, that's actually a really good fit. Let's see if I can connect via Bluetooth. It did a little sound when it paired. Nice touch. Okay, let's see. Functionality: tapping. Oh, I just turned on Google Assistant. Is that a triple tap? Go away. Okay, let's try that again. Single tap doesn't do anything. Double tap—okay, double tap play/pause maybe? Okay, double tap play/pause. Tap and hold, next track I guess. Tap and hold, previous track. Okay, so what does single tap do? It's a good song. Gotta love Van Halen. Single tap does nothing. How do you change the volume? I'm going to have to read the manual, but you can answer and hang up calls by tapping twice as well. Okay, so on the right ear, tap twice, it's play/pause. On the left ear, it's your voice assistant. No volume? Oh come on. There is no way to adjust the volume on the earpieces. I think that's kind of dumb, but the sound is really, really good. So I'm going to try these out for a week. I'll be back in a week, and I will let you know what I think.

Okay, so it's been about a month. I've been using these all the time during this past month when I go on trips, when I'm outside. I have ended up liking these a lot more than I thought I would. Now, as far as sound quality goes, I will say it's good. It's not fantastic, it's not amazing, but for how inexpensive these are, I am actually really quite impressed. I've used a lot of similar earbuds to this, and the sound quality is just as good, if not slightly better than most others that I have used. Now, the thing I really like about these earbuds is the thing I was initially most disappointed with, which is you can actually download an app, and you can customize the button features for this. So when I first started using this, I was initially disappointed that there didn't seem to be any way I could adjust the volume using these earbuds. But it turns out with the app, you can set that up. Super easy to do, and now the button functionality is exactly how I want it on these earbuds. So there's really nothing I don't like about these earbuds. They sound great, they're easy to use, easy to charge, and you can customize how you want the tap functionality to be. The mic quality on this is about the same as what I've seen on other similar earbuds. Nothing amazing, but it works. Overall, very impressed. Highly recommend these earbuds.