Hey everyone, welcome back to my channel. So today I'm very excited. The brand new Victoria's Secret Bombshell Passion has just arrived, a flanker from the Bombshell range. I'm loving it so far and I wanted to give you my first impressions, my review and everything, and also compare it to the other Bombshells that are in the range that are available right now. So, um, I've tried these so many times before, but I thought for this video I just ordered the rollerballs of the original, the intense version and the seduction version, and sort of take you through the difference between all four and do a comparison. What's my favorite?

If you're new here, then welcome. We are all about perfumes here, so check out my hundreds and hundreds of other perfume videos. And if you're a regular and you haven't subscribed yet, then do hit that subscribe button and show your support. I really appreciate it. And as always, I will leave links down below to where you can get all these perfumes I talk about in the UK, Europe, US, Canada, and Australia.

Cool. So of course, Victoria's Secret Bombshell Original is their best seller. It's, um, a sort of worldwide bestseller across many different, like across all perfumes. It's very well known. But over the years they've released different editions of it. So the first thing to note about these four is that they're all different, okay? It is not that they've done Bombshell and then these are all just slightly different twists on Bombshell. They're actually four like completely independent fragrances different to each other. And so if you like one, it doesn't mean you'll like another, if that makes sense. So I'm going to start off with the original, not the original, the brand new one, Bombshell Passion. This literally has just come out, um, I think this week. So it came in the classic Victoria's Secret box with the lines on, you know, classic Victoria's Secret. It's a very good quality, like sturdy box. Um, the price was kind of cheaper than your normal designer perfumes, but still not cheap. Um, I think this was about 40 pounds maybe.

So in terms of, um, impressions and everything, I love this color. It's my favorite color. Um, you mean you can see I'm kind of wearing these type of colors and I really like it and I actually really love the smell. Um, even over the others actually. This is the most, um, similar to a lot of main street perfumes. So if you like things like Jimmy Choo, YSL Mon Paris, um, Opium, you know, a lot of the sort of big best-selling patchouli perfumes, you will like this. This is basically patchouli, rose and peony. So very similar ingredients to YSL Mon Paris except without the, um, fruity notes in. I really, really like it. Um, the rose is not overwhelming at all. This is kind of a bit like Miss Dior as well. If you like Miss Dior, um, I can see they've thought about what's popular right now and that's what they brought out. I think this will be successful for Christmas. If you're looking for, um, a present like this festive season and you know someone likes those type of mainstream perfumes like Jimmy Choo, then this I think they will also like. Um, I really like it. I, yeah, it's definitely my favorite from before because I love the bottle, the branding and I love the smell. This patchouli rose peony, peony makes it adds a little bit of light and freshness, but it's predominantly a sexy patchouli rose. Really, really nice and modern smell. I love it. So that's Bombshell Passion, the new one.

So if we go back to the original Bombshell that came out many years ago, um, so this is actually, I always felt that this was named wrongly because the smell of this to me is not a bombshell. It's like a, um, more innocent. You know, if you think of bombshell, you think of like boom, wow, big smell, you know. Um, this isn't what this is like and the main sort of note is passion fruit. So it's fruity, but it also has very fresh citrusy notes in pineapple, orange, strawberry has peony in it's very light and I would say kind of innocent. Um, this is more like girly whereas I feel like passion is more womanly. Um, this, I don't find it over the sort of sexy or Victoria's Secret. I find it young and free and fun. That makes sense. So I do like as a smell but I've always found the branding, the name to be wrong. Um, it does have some vanilla in but you can't really get that much vanilla from it and in terms of lasting power, I am finding that passion is lasting better than original. So if you like your passion fruits, if you like your fresh fruity everyday type smells, then for sure like this is really nice. If you want something a bit more stronger and sexier, then I'd recommend passion.

So next we have the intense version. So when this came out, I thought it was just going to be a stronger version of the original. It's actually a totally different smell, totally different fragrance and this is my second favorite after passion. It's vanilla and cherry and I'd say it's at least 50% of the smell is vanilla. So this definitely is like sexy. It is what I'd expect from a Victoria's Secret fragrance and then the cherry is a fruity cherry. It's not a deep heavy cherry, it's fruity fresh cherry. Um, and this one has peony in and you can actually smell the peony. It smells has a freshness to it. So it's not as deep and dark and heavy as it looks. The packaging makes it look like it's going to be but it is still much, um, deeper and sexier than original bombshell. So if you like cherry, then you'd like this. You like vanilla, like this. Although a lot of people don't like patchouli so they wouldn't like passion but if you want a strong one that doesn't have patchouli in then intense is the one I recommend.

And then lastly we have Seduction, the eau de parfum. Now what's really interesting about this is because the branding and everything is lighter that usually means the fragrance is going to be lighter as well as a flanker and being this is totally different to the other three, it is a herby floral. So it actually has a lot of sage in and what's interesting is when this first came out, I'm thinking it's going to be really weak and rubbish. It's actually really strong. Um, the sage smell really follows you around. It also has tuberose in which, um, is quite strong and it has a powder in a softness to it as well. So if you like floral smells it to me, this smells floral, slightly herbal and aromatic. If you like that type of thing then yeah. See even just smelling it near me that it's strong. I'm really getting the tuberose. It's definitely, this is more of a bombshell type smell like it's like a strong flowery aromatic smell. It's kind of like the smell of when you go into a spa. Yeah, that kind of spa smell. It's, it's really nice and yeah, it's strong. I wouldn't say it's overly sexy like those notes aren't really evening notes, date night notes. You definitely wear this during the day but if you like that type of herbal aromatherapy almost type smell then seduction is the one.

Cool. So that's my rundown and those four are really quite different as you can see and there are other flankers, um, but they aren't like weren't on their website right now. I'm not sure they're sold right now like there was a summer one that came out this year, paradise thing was cool but that's gone. Um, so yeah, those are the four of the moment and of course the, the man of the moment, the perfume of the moment is passion which I am loving and definitely recommend.

So let me know what your favorite bombshell, um, version is. Do you like the original? Have you tried the new one or what's your favorite Victoria's Secret perfume in general? Um, I have done quite a few Victoria's Secret videos so I'll leave them linked down below including a rundown of all of their fragrance mists. So check that out. I went a bit crazy on the website. Um, but yeah, that's it guys. So thanks so much for watching as always and I will see you in the next video. Bye.