[Music]

Before you buy Nautica Voyage, five things you should know.

First thing, this has been reformulated. They changed a little bit of the oil over the years, not in the way on how it smells, but in the performance category. So, it's not so strong like it used to be, but it's still strong enough. Be aware it has been reformulated.

Second thing you should know, super price value proposition. You get a cheap fragrance that has solid performance that the ladies love, that is very versatile.

Third thing you should know, one of the best fresh fragrances on the market. Hey, this is composed by Maurice Roucel. He's a master perfumer. He makes super gorgeous, expensive fragrances, but he can also do the cheapies and the goodies.

Morning, I want to see if some cool people are here to ask if they like it or not.

Well, great price value made by a master perfumer.

[Music]

Hello, can you tell me if you like this perfume?

Yeah, just on a man. Is this appropriate?

It's good, right? Yeah, fresh and clean. Thank you.

Fourth thing you should know, ladies love this fragrance. Man, you can get a $400 Creed fragrance. You can get a $500 Oud fragrance. Most of the time, this fragrance will score better in the category of do ladies love it or not.

So, fourth thing you should know, a mega star when it comes to ladies' reactions.

Fifth thing you should know, all-season, all-occasion versatile fragrance.

So, it repeats itself a little bit. I'm going to conclude a little bit with the fifth and last point. You can always smell fresh and clean. You can always smell clean like with this one. You will never offend people. You are noticeable with this in a kind way, just like you took a nice shower or you were wearing a great deodorant or you had some nice shower gel. You will be assimilated, and that is the thing that's going on here in Miami.

So, in conclusion, this fragrance is a very cheap, long-lasting, ladies-love-it fragrance that gets you throughout the year and all-season, all-occasion. And to me, it's one of the best price value fragrances on the market, and that's also one of the reasons why this fragrance is Amazon's number one top seller. Thank you for watching my videos. I love you. Peace, guys.

[Music]

Office for Man is a beast. It is our first release. It was our first baby. It has cedar wood, patchouli, vetiver. This is a CEO fragrance. It stays fresh from the start to the end. Some fragrances start with a nice top note, and then they die down. They don't last long, or they turn sweet. Both is not in our fragrance. We keep our word with a long-lasting fresh fragrance, and it stays fresh in the office. You want to stay fresh and clean. You don't want to turn it into a super sweet fragrance and just the top to have fresh. So, this one is perfect for the office, for the school, for the daytime. In general, daytime fresh and clean situations. And it has a good dose of pepper, which gives it a slight edgy note, like a confident approach to not just be a passive person in the everyday life but actually being a go-getter and going for what you want. This fragrance will 100 percent help you with that.