And don't worry, it's 15 bucks. It doesn't matter if I drop the bottle. So you go on the internet, you got all these influencers talking about Nautica Voyage. I'm going to put a compilation of these guys saying Nautica Voyage, 99% of fragrances lose against this fragrance. Nautica Voyage, this is a must-buy. Nautica Voyage, Nautica Voyage, Nautica Voyage, Nautica Voyage, Nautica Voyage, Nautica Voyage. This is what they call the king of cheapies. You go on TikTok, you go Jeremy Fragrance saying this is amazing and this smells better than expensive fragrances and it's much better and all this stuff.

I swear to God, this is the fun fact. Actually, this is my second bottle of Nautica Voyage, right? What happened to the first? If this video gets like 1000 likes, I will take Nautica Voyage and throw it in the river because this fragrance right here is one of the most overrated fragrances in the game to ever exist. It literally smells like a cucumber salad. If you want to smell like a cucumber salad, this fragrance is for you.

Okay, now listen. A lot of people are going to tell us this fragrance is one of the greatest Freshies, one of the greatest cheapies in the game. This one right here gets a lot of compliments. If you have to pick one fragrance, it'll be Nautica Voyage. This fragrance right here is not worth your money. I think you should just save that $20 or $15. I think I got this for like $14 off TikTok with a coupon and just spend it on something else. Spend a little bit more money and get a different fragrance because this one right here does not live up to the hype. It smells like a cucumber salad, bro. It only lasts like 2 hours. It's sharp as hell. I used to wear this one to the gym and even then I was like I don't want to wear this to the gym anymore. It's one of the most overrated fragrances in the game. I feel like I was so mean to this fragrance but like it's true, it's one of the most overrated fragrances in the game.

All these influencers are like, "Oh, dude, Nautica Voyage, buy it." Jeremy Fragrance is over here. I love Jeremy. I love Jeremy. Jeremy is a legend in the game, but why this? Like, this is not that great. My first bottle, I gave it away. I said here, I didn't want it. Like, I wore it to the gym two, three times and I was running and all of a sudden like the sharp cucumbers just hit my nose and I don't want to smell cucumbers, bro. This is sharp synthetic. If you're looking to get a cheapy, I'll do a whole other video on it. I have like a cute little Montblanc Legend Spirit. It's like this big. It's so cute. It's a much better cheapy than this one here. Montblanc Legend Spirit smells fresher, cleaner, sexier, better quality than Nautica Voyage.

So this video right here might be a bit mean to Nautica Voyage. It might be a bit harsh, it might be a bit too honest, I guess, but I don't think you should own this fragrance. I don't think this fragrance is worth having in your collection. I believe you should save up a little bit of money, maybe like $40 or $50, which is like $30 if you don't buy this, and just buy yourself maybe Versace Pour Homme. Maybe you can get yourself Versace Dylan Blue. Maybe you could get Montblanc Legend Spirit. Maybe you're able to get yourself Azzaro Chrome Extreme or Art from because all those fragrances are 100 times better than this one.

I will conclude this video by saying this is the most overrated fragrance in the game. If you're going to spend $20 on it, you just wasted your money. Have a good day.