Hey guys, it's Daryn, and welcome back to our channel. Today we're going to be going over my top scents from Bath and Body Works, the best-smelling candles in my opinion from Bath and Body Works. But before we get started, go ahead and hit that like button, go ahead and subscribe to our channel if you already haven't, and if you're new, welcome.

So before we actually get into the smells and the scents of each of these candles here, I want to give you guys a brief story about how long I've been rocking with candles. And if you're not already onto the candles, then what are you doing? You're tripping. So back in 2014, that's when I bought myself a candle, a housewarming gift which was my all-time favorite smell to this day. I'm gonna rock with her until they discontinue it. That is A Thousand Wishes. Of course, when I was in the dorm first semester of my freshman year, we were not able to have candles. It's clearly a hazard or a fire; you can't have anything that can cause a fire. When I moved off campus, trying to find things for the house, and I went into Bath & Body Works, and this was, I think, around Christmas time. They came out with A Thousand Wishes, and that's been my favorite since.

I'm gonna go ahead and get started. A Thousand Wishes is like a bunch of wishes, a thousand wishes coming true. This scent here is just so nice, so sweet, so lovely. It's just a happy smell. The packaging of this candle is so pretty. I really, really love this candle. It's giving good vibes.

But what's in this candle here is pink prosecco, sparkling quince, crystal peonies, gilded amber, amaretto cream with essential oils. I smell everything that is just listed in this candle. It's literally my all-time favorite candle. Back in December, I did Secret Santa at my job, and this was the scent that I put down on my paper that I love. And then again, if I had you as a Secret Santa... which was crazy, my Secret Santa, we had each other. So I gifted her with the candle, and I was actually asking for a candle when I asked him, but I put that on my list of one of the things that I love and one of the wishes that I want. And she actually said they didn't have any candles, which they never do. They don't have these in stores; you have to order this one. But she gifted me with the body scrub, the body cream, and I think the body wash of this scent. If you guys really want to gift anyone with a candle, I would say A Thousand Wishes. It's just the perfect smell. And I'm gonna list all these down here.

Speaking of though, Bath & Body Works' sale is still going on today. I'm not sure how long, but the single-wick candles are five dollars. So maybe y'all could even, out of all of these candles, just get the single-wick candles. They're five dollars. Try it out. I promise you, you're gonna upgrade to three-wick candles because they're that good. I promise.

So yes, A Thousand Wishes, that smells amazing. Our next candle we're gonna go with is Bergamot Waters. Bergamot Waters is maybe like... all of these, one, two, three, are ten. Period. That smell, oh my gosh. I know I'm dramatic, just a little bit, but I'm telling y'all it doesn't really smell that good. This is one of the... this is the clean-smelling, just like... oh, this is the candle that I would burn all day. You can't even burn candles for over four hours, but this candle, I will literally burn it all day because it's just the cleanest smell, the prettiest smell, the nicest smell, the softest smell. By the way, none of these candles are too harsh. None of them are like really, really strong to where it causes you to get a headache. It's not like that, none of these. I mean, maybe just one, which is... what we're gonna find out later. But this one here, your house better be clean if you're burning this one, like really.

This one here is the bright bergamot, sugared citrus. Nothing says sugar. Sugared citrus, sandalwood, it smells really good. The packaging was cute. I like this nice simple color. This is the candle you can get a male or female because it's just a clean scent. It's a very, very fresh scent. Like again, if I told y'all you can burn candles, well you're not supposed to burn candles over four hours, but this is something I would probably literally burn all 24 hours just because it's just that good. It's the candle you can fall asleep on, you can just be happy with this scent. Like seriously, this is a happy, happy, happy, happy scent.

So yeah, that is Bergamot Waters. My next favorite candle is Cactus Blossom. Amazing too. Again, like those three are amazing. This one, this is the one that I have in my car, like the little car jars from Bath & Body Works. This is a nice strong sweet flowery, like it's fruity too, a pretty smell, a nice smell. It's like a cactus blossoming. This one actually did... that's it, I hope I told y'all what was it. Bergamot Waters, I think I did. But this one here is cactus flower petals. Yep, I said it's like a flower smell. What duh, we got this, that's a plant. That's most definitely a plant. But this one here is the cactus flower petals, fresh citrus. Yup, fruity vanilla coconut. You do smell the vanilla. It's like a fruity and vanilla. This one smells really, really good, and this is also a candle I would gift. Those top three, these top three that I just said, were the other two, and then this one is a candle that you should gift. Or if you're just a candle fan, you should already know about them three, like again. But this one is so, so, so, so, so good. Y'all know how certain smells bring memories? It just brings me good memories, of course, because I always burn this one too. So like it's springing, it's freaking good memories. This is a lovely smell. Just know that this is also a lovely smell.

So yes, let me go ahead and hurry up because shortly I need to go pick up Izzy from school. So next, I'm going to go with Mahogany Teakwood. Mahogany Teakwood is a male and female candle. This one here, I also used to buy this one in college. A Thousand Wishes and this one were my two. I used to always switch out or not switch out, but you know, well yeah, switch out in my apartment, burn which candle. This one gives... Honestly, my friend, it's really a grown sexy. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, I just know females that actually like the smell of men, like the good smell with the cologne. But I know females that actually like that smell. And then men, of course, they're gonna like this candle. This is the candle that I actually get the men in the family who are candle fans, who likes candles. I want to say candle fans because men don't really care. But this is a candle that I would gift to men and females. It depends on, honestly, it depends on the person, like if they like fruity stuff, if they like that sexy stuff, because this is what it's giving, a grown sexy man.

This one has rich mahogany, dark oak, frosted lavender. I smell the lavender. I do smell the lavender. Oh yeah, rich mahogany, dark oak. Yeah, it's definitely giving some type of wood. It's a teakwood, mahogany, teakwood. And this one, I like this one in the Mahogany Teakwood High Intensity. It's just high intensity, it's way stronger than this one. And I like, you know, things that are not going to give me so much of a headache. So I feel like this one's just as strong. So they smell the same to me. Clearly, it's the same thing, but just high intensity. But this one is really, really good. And I like the dark charcoal gray type of color. Let's go. I like the plain packaging more than the designed ones because it just goes nice with the decor sometimes. So yeah, that is Mahogany Teakwood, a really, really good male and female scent.

The next one I'm gonna go with is Rose Water and Ivy. Rose Water and Ivy, this is also a nice female smell. Clearly, it's definitely giving the roses. You smell the roses. And I thought roses really don't smell like nothing, but this is giving flowers, it's giving roses. The roses and ivy, and it's like... I like to smell it and guess the scents before I actually see what's in those candles. Okay, I never really pay attention to what's in it, I just always buy it, get used to how it smells, and then just keep buying them. And that's the reason why I only get these ones because nine times out of ten, I'm always ordering the candles instead of going in the store. I just don't like all that extra stuff. Yeah, I really wouldn't even know what other candles, what other candles to get because I don't want to order a candle and it smells bad. Even though I could go switch it out, I just don't... again, got time for all of that. My time is precious.

This one is soft rose petals, which, yep, definitely smell the rose petals. English ivy, yeah,

 whatever ivy smells like, I guess. This is lemon blossom. Lemon blossom, I don't know. I mean, I think I need some coffee beans at this point to loosen up my senses, let me loosen up my nose some. But um, I don't know. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm trying to see if I smell the lemon. By me thinking of a lemon and smelling at the same time, I feel like I just smelled it when I pulled it away from my nose. So let me try it again. You do smell it. Yep, you smell it. You smell exactly what it says. All of the candles, you smell exactly what they say. I mean, you're supposed to, which is funny. But yes. But I feel like the roses are definitely overpowering the lemon. That's why it's called Rose Water and Ivy.

The next one is... I'm gonna leave the aromatherapies for last. Champagne Toast. Champagne Toast, I never burned. I actually just ordered this one when I ordered all of these. I was always hearing about Champagne Toast, so I'm like, you know, let me just go ahead and be open to trying new smells, new scents, and see what this is all about. Champagne Toast. I like the name. It smells fruity. This smells really fruity to me. I feel like this smells like a springy candle, a spring candle because it smells fruity. It's a nice fruity smell. So this is like something I'll probably burn on a Saturday morning, open up the blinds, and just go with the vibes. That's what this one is. And what's in this one? What's in this one? Yep. This one is bubbly champagne, sparkling berries, fruit, sweet orange fruit. Yep, I knew it. With natural oils. So yep, this is definitely fruity, but it smells really good though. And I actually like that I finally tried a few, well one new candle. And there's other candles that I also tried that just not listed as my top favorite yet because I do like Tiki Beach. And Tiki Beach, I think that one's very, very fruity too. Tiki Beach is a nice fruity smell too. I had those in the wallflower plugs, like the refills, the wallflowers. I have Cactus Blossom. I used to do Sweet Pea. I still do Sweet Pea here and there, it depends. I put the Sweet Pea one in Izzy's room though. It's not too strong, it's not too much, and that's just like a Sweet Pea, like Izzy is a sweet little pea. Joke, my baby is a sweet pea. But I put that smell in her room just because it's like a nice kid-friendly smell. So it's sweet and it's just like her. That smell reminds me of her. How about that? I like the way that sounds better. So yeah, but Champagne Toast is really good. Oh, what was I saying? Cactus Blossom, I have that in the wallflower, the Tiki Beach, Sweet Pea, Bergamot Waters. I have that one. A Thousand Wishes, duh. And yeah, those are the only scents that I have. I actually need to re-up. Speaking of wallflowers, they're $3.50, not $3.50, $4.50 today too. So y'all, when I'm done with this video, make sure y'all just go ahead and go to Bath & Body Works, order some things, or yeah, just do that. But this is also a good-smelling candle.

Now, down to the aromatherapy ones. I like... oh yeah, by the way, I burned the candles from least to greatest. So my top three are really the ones I burned last. For these two, I'm going to say which one I burned first, which is this one. You can already see I've been burning this one. I burn this one all the time. And this one is the Stress Relief. This one, I burn all day. Again, I burn when I'm working from home, I burn it when I'm about to take a bubble bath, I burn it when I'm about to do yoga, when I'm reading my books. I burn it when I want to go to sleep. Like these two, I burn the aromatherapy ones literally for that. This one is Stress Relief. This one is literally what it is, stress relief. I said stress-free, but stress relief, that's what this one is. I used to also have these two in the, what is it, the body creams because they're like a nice massaging, that nice massaging lotion, a body cream. It's also a clean smell too. This one is eucalyptus and spearmint. You definitely smell, you definitely smell the mint. This one opens you up because of the mint. Eucalyptus, I'm not really sure. I mean, it smells what it is. It's a plant, earthy, and like a, I feel like it's definitely a clean smell. I just felt like I smelled some type of soap. Yeah, it's giving a soap smell too. I'm not sure what smell I'm smelling though. Get this, especially like if I gifted someone with stress relief when I know certain situations. For instance, the ones who like to do hookah, chill out, smoke with some wine, this will go perfect with the way that they release their stress. So that's why if you've got somebody that's always stressed out or got a stressful job or stressful whatever, this one is a good one. And this is also a good smell to have around the house too because it's a clean smell. Again, it's a nice strong smell, and I'm starting to get a headache. So this is the candle I was trying to tell y'all. Now, I probably don't have a headache because of this candle, but I have a headache if I was to smell all of these candles. And it's time for me to eat, but this is the candle that actually is, it's strong for sure. You'll smell this miles away, but it's supposed to do that. It's supposed to open you up. It's mint. It's eucalyptus. That stuff there, it really opens you up. So yeah, it's supposed to be strong and it's just the perfect scent. Again, for when you meditate, when you read, when you do yoga, when you do bubble baths, when you just... these are what I call my self-care candles. This is a self-care candle. And I can close you up now because yeah, we're done with you, eucalyptus stress relief candle.

And our last candle, which was also a gift given to me, and that's what got me onto this one. This one is the Comfort Aromatherapy one. This one is vanilla and, I think it's called patchouli, patchouli, pacholi, put something. That's what this is. This one is a nice happy... oh, it's giving comfort for real. Like, that's a nice clean, soft, relaxing, Thanksgiving, let's go get some massages and just relax. This one has sweet vanilla. Definitely smell the vanilla. Patchouli, I think that's a flower. I think it is a flower or yeah, something that I saw. Italian bergamot. They smell the same. Bergamot for sure. Well, it don't smell exactly the same, but this one, yeah, both smells soft and clean. I do that again. I break my goddamn candles. Let me just put you back. But they smell the same, have similar smells, which is the bergamot because that's what this has too. And cedarwood. Oh, that's it with the essential oils. This one again is very nice, soft, clean, comfort. I will also burn this one while I'm going to sleep. Same thing that I get, told you guys about the stress relief. These are my self-care candles. This is what I do when it's time for me to do some self-care. I just burn that one more. I just burn that one first because that one's more strong. And I like this one over stress relief. But yeah, I will also gift somebody with this for the same reasons as stress relief. But these are really, really good smells, and that is the Comfort Vanilla and Patchouli or Patchouli or whatever it is. Okay, that's the stress relief. This one has eucalyptus oil, clears the mind. I didn't have to print this bucket because it's literally the same thing, eucalyptus and spearmint. That's exactly what's in here. And that soothes and uplifts. This, they both soothe, but yeah, that is my top... one, two, I'm not gonna count you because I don't know you just yet, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Seven, that's a good number. But that is my top seven scents, my always, my go-tos. I always, always, always re-up on those candles. I literally have two to three each already. But those are my top seven scents, even Champagne Toast. That's going to be the eighth one because I actually like that smell. It's a nice sweet fruity, springy smell. So I guess we could be nice to add her over here too. Thank you guys for watching. Make sure you stay tuned for our next video. Make sure you like, comment, subscribe. If you want more videos like this, go ahead and comment below and say yes, keep going. I would be open to trying new scents and actually doing reviews on candles. But again, I love candles. So if you ever see me and want to be nice, just think... just think if you ever go to Bath & Body Works, just think about me too. Thank you guys for watching. I need to go pick up my baby now and yeah, thank you.