Salutations and welcome to Emte. All right, so I have a little review treat for you today. We have Pure Instinct Pheromone Oil. Initially, I found this pheromone oil when I was researching like the top pheromone oils that there were. Initially, I found Sun Daisy Pheromone Oil, which I reviewed in a completely different video, and I'm like, I like it. It's cute, it's floral, it's very feminine, it's awesome. And then I decided I wanted to find like what other popular pheromone oils existed, and boom, Pure Instinct popped up. Once I found it, I saw that on Amazon it had 63,000 reviews. 

So I feel like this is not something that you see commonly where you just see thousands of reviews on things. So of course I had to do my little research. Come to find out, this was a part of like a popular TikTok trend where they were discussing this fragrance. And I'm like, look, I don't even live on TikTok or any of that, so I didn't even know that this was a thing until that. So I decided, you know what, it's on Amazon, might as well try it out. If I order it today, it'll be here tomorrow, and the turnaround time is phenomenal. So I decided to order it. On Amazon, I think it was like $16.95, something like that, around $17 if you round up. 

So it finally came in the mail today, and this is what it looks like in its little packaging, nice and cute. When I take it out, of course you see Pure Instinct on the label, the nice little wraparound label with the actual fragrance in there. So I tried it today. I tried it, and not only did I try it, I'm making the whole house sniff me because I want to see if you guys can smell the 63,000 reviews that we have here on Amazon.

Initially, out the bottle, you know, if you know me, you know I bathe in stuff like this because it's a lighter scent. If it's not one of those high-potency perfumes, I will add more because those are, you know, with the quality that comes with them, they're very potent so you don't need but just a few sprays. With something like this at this price bracket, I'm like, all right, I'm probably going to need just a little bit more to be able to smell, you know what I mean. So with this, you know, I did the little rollerball on my wrist, you know, dab it together a little bit, neck, shoulder, collarbone, all the good stuff.

My first thought when I smelled this, I like it. Now, this is why I like it. I am partial to anything with musk in it. Musk, amber, vanilla, they are some of the most super sexy sensual scents, and I have a lot of really high-end fragrances, perfumes that have them in there that I absolutely am head over heels in love with. So once I see musk, I'm sold. You don't need to tell me anything else. As long as you put a little musk in here, I'm good.

The notes in here are essentially mango, mandarin, honey, cinnamon, and musk. The most potent notes are more of the mandarin and the musk with slight mango. You get the sweetness of the honey. I don't really personally smell cinnamon, but you can definitely smell like the fruit of it in addition to the musk, and I think that's a really nice combination.

I decided to wear it, and I'm like, let me see how long this lasts. So when I decided to wear it, again, as I mentioned, I bathed in it. I bathed in it, okay. So when I bathed in it, the scent, it lasted, I want to say for me, around 4 hours. After that, it was very, very light and you really couldn't smell that I really had anything on. But I feel like if you consistently place this on, because this is a cute little travel size, seriously, like throw it in your purse, throw it in the car, wherever you want to put it. I do like the spray perfumes because I like the mist when it falls on me, but this has the rollerball. It's not a deal breaker. I feel like it's a good little travel size, so if you do need to reapply it throughout the day, it's easy to reapply because it's tiny and it fits everywhere. 

Again, for me, it only lasted about 4 hours, so it was about a 4-hour time frame. I wanted to try it with my partner. I'm like, let me see if he smells it because he didn't smell the first pheromone oil. I'm like, we're up on each other, so how the hell do you not smell that? Same thing with my children. They didn't smell the first one. I'm like, I smell it, it smells good, but yes, it is a softer scent.

This one is different. This is more pow in your face, right. When I had my little 12-year-old boy smell it, they were like, this smells good. Immediately they were like, I want some. So I'm like, roll it on, roll it on. So they're dabbing it up, bathing in it, and now all three of us smell the exact same. We all smell the exact same way. My boyfriend comes in from the store, I'm like, oh hey babe, you know, extra. Like, you know, hey, hi, how you doing babe? He goes, babe, you smell good. So he did notice, which was super awesome because he didn't notice the other pheromone oil. So definite points for the fact that he could smell it, he noticed it, and he actually liked the scent. In addition to, like I said, my 12-year-old boys, they smelled it and they were like, oh, this smells good. And again, enough for them to actually wear it. Pre-teen boys, they’re something, so the fact that they liked it, I'm very impressed with it.

This pheromone oil says it's imported from Italy, which is super awesome. It also says that it blends with your skin's natural pH to create a one-of-a-kind scent, which I know a lot of perfumes do because the same perfume that you wear is not going to smell the same on the next person. So if you wear Bright Crystals or Burberry Black, Chanel No. 5, it smells a certain way on you opposed to the next person only because I know it blends with your skin and your body's natural chemistry to create, you know, a one-of-a-kind scent. So, you know, of course there is always that, so that's another awesome thing about it. It's not going to smell the same on everyone who decides to wear it.

If you like this review or you like this feedback, I need you to go like, comment, and subscribe. Come show me some love, show me some love. If there's something else that you would like to see me review, leave a comment because I'm interested in all of the scents. I love fragrances. I love things that smell good. Anything that's musky, I am absolutely sold with. I definitely want to hear your feedback. Have you tried this? When you tried it, did your partner notice? Did your children notice? Did your friends, your co-workers, did they go, oh damn, you smell good, or was it just more of a passive thing? 

Again, once I saw those reviews, I'm like, I have, I absolutely have to try this. I guess technically I fell into the hype, but also I really wanted content and I was really curious. I was really curious. I'm like, this is a cute little travel bottle. It fits in the car, the purse, and all of that. Again, I hope you guys like this video. Please be sure to like, comment, and subscribe. See you in the next video. Bye.