[Music]

Hi friends, I'm Amanda. Welcome back to my channel. Happy Friday! Today I'm going to be sharing with you guys a new candle company that I have discovered because one of my best friends sent me several for my birthday in February as a gift. I had never heard of this brand of candles and I was so pleasantly surprised and actually like obsessed, obsessed with them. She sent me an assortment and I ended up repurchasing one of them two times and I've also gifted them to one of my other girlfriends whose birthday was in February. I have shared and shared and shared these candles with everyone because I love the packaging and I love the scent and the throw and I love the price.

So, before we get in, welcome back to my channel. I post a new video here every Friday morning at 7 a.m. Eastern Standard Time and it is usually a luxury unboxing, a beauty item, a scent fragrance candle, etc., something I love. So if there's any questions about anything that I talk about, you guys can definitely ask me in the comment section below and I'll be sure to answer. And if you have any suggestions and things that you want to see, definitely make sure that you also reach out.

I want to talk about Lulu Candles. Okay, oh my god. First of all, look at the simplicity of this packaging. I mean, there's nothing better than this. I love the simplicity. I love that it's just like a plain vessel with the black sticker. I love that it tells you the batch number, the scent. I just love it. I love how they look. They're aesthetically pleasing. So these are Lulu Candles. You can purchase them at lulucandles.com or directly from Amazon, which is where I have been purchasing these. They work with Amazon and I love that because we all know everything from Amazon comes in like two days. It's amazing. It's like instant satisfaction as far as I'm concerned. I love it.

They make candles that come in six ounces and nine ounces. So this is an example of the six-ounce jar. I have found, just from my own purchasing, that the six-ounce candles come with a lid and the nine-ounce candles do not. I also have found that the six-ounce candles come in a glass vessel such as this, and the nine-ounce candles come in also a glass, but it's either white or black. I have not purchased a nine-ounce that has come in a clear glass vessel, which is fine. I like both. I thought I would note it. I did get another nine-ounce candle from them that is in a black vessel, which is also fine. I like both, like white, black, clear, all neutral, all amazing, all aesthetically pleasing. Looks great on the counter, looks great in the bathroom, looks great on your vanity. Just looks great.

So my friend Ashley sent me this one along with three others, and the one that she sent me that I absolutely fell in love with was the Brown Sugar and Oud. This is the third time that I have purchased this scent since. And just to give you guys some context, it's been about two months. I light candles every night, as you know, and I get home and I let them burn for hours. These are 100% cotton wick. They are slow-burning. This is a nine-ounce. They're made in the U.S. They're soy candles, which is just a really buttery beautiful blend. Burns straight down beautifully. You guys, I mean, they have so many amazing scents. Truly, they really do. My friend Leah really likes the Rose and Sandalwood. I have yet to try that. I'm going to order it. You guys know I like sandalwood, but this Brown Sugar and Oud, oh my god. It is sweet. It also has that tonka vibe, not super vanilla-y, but it has that sensual woody smell as well. I mean, I would just pour this all over my body if this was like a lotion. I love the scent of this.

I also love that for the price of these candles, the six-ounce candles start at $13.95, and they go up. They even have pillars. I haven't purchased any pillars, but the pillars go up to $28.95, so very, very, very affordable. If you buy directly from lulucandles.com, they usually give you free shipping over $30. I believe you have to enter the code "freeshipping" in order to get it, and it may not be all the time, but that is just my own experience from seeing the Lulu Candles website. Like I said, I have ordered mine directly from Amazon, which is free shipping for me because I am a Prime member. So yeah, these are awesome.

I like their scent combinations as well. This is the Pineapple Evergreen, so it has that really woodsy, kind of tree, Christmas tree smell, but has pineapple, so it doesn't smell like Christmas. But it doesn't smell overly fruity. It just smells really nice. I can't even explain it. I wish you guys could smell it. But if you're gonna buy any Lulu Candle, and you're like me and you've seen my fragrance reviews and you like a sensual woody warm smell, you need to buy the Brown Sugar and Oud, and you will thank me later. This beauty is amazing.

I believe when I had the smaller version of this, the six-ounce, it said number like 66, I believe. And then if you want to go up to the nine-ounce, it says number 81. I did get a couple messages on Facebook and Instagram asking me like, "Oh, why is the number different?" I believe the number is different because it's a different size vessel. So I think that the nine-ounces say number 81 and the six-ounces for this scent say like 61 or 66, whatever I said it was. I don't have the vessel anymore because I burned through it a while ago. But I believe that the numbers, even if it's the same scent, if it's a different size vessel, the numbers will be different. But I believe all nine-ounces of Brown Sugar and Oud are going to say number 81. That's my understanding.

I just wanted to share these because this is not sponsored or anything. Like I said, I was given these as a gift and have been a repeat customer ever since. And that is because I love candles. I love candles that are beautiful and they don't break the bank because I light them so often. I can't be spending $65 on a Diptyque candle every couple weeks. I just can't, as much as I'd love to. So I get really excited when I find other alternatives for beautiful housewarming gifts. This is an amazing housewarming gift. Get a nine-ounce candle for somebody. You're spending like $20 and it's beautiful. It's simple packaging, timeless, classic. It's gonna go in anyone's kitchen, anyone's decor. I like this packaging.

Here they are. Like I said, also my experience is that the nine-ounces don't come with a lid and the six-ounces do. I don't really understand why, but that's just how it is. I had to share these because I love them. Over on Instagram, whenever I have these lit, I'm always throwing the link up there because I just think if you're a candle person, you need this. Brown Sugar and Oud is my favorite. I love it so much.

I wanted to share the Lulu Candles with you guys, and I hope that you found this video helpful and enjoyable. Maybe you would be inclined to give these as a housewarming gift or a birthday gift. Please excuse Chloe; she's obviously very into Lulu Candles. I'm gonna make sure to link this all for you guys below in the description box. Definitely play around with all the different scents. They have so many and I can't wait to try more. I hope to see you guys over on Instagram. My name is Amanda J. May, and I'm also on Like to Know It. My name is Amanda May. I try to correlate everything I talk about here and link here also on Like to Know It so that you guys can find things easily and refer back without any trouble. I hope to see you guys next Friday. I hope you have a wonderful weekend.

[Music]