Hey everybody, welcome back to my channel. Thank you for tuning in today. I know I haven't made a lot of content in a while, but you know, life gets busy. But I'm really trying my best to get creative and try to put out some videos. But you know, I tend to get lazy sometimes, so it happens. But you know, my goal this year in 2021 was actually to create videos and just like, you know, do a lot of fun random stuff. And that's what I'm, you know, going to show you today is another thing in my random life, which is showing you some of my favorite Bombshell perfumes.

So, the Bombshell perfumes are actually from Victoria's Secret, and they smell incredible. So, I actually got four of them in the same size for Christmas last year from my mom. So, thank you, Mom. And then I have the very first Bombshell that I got for Christmas in a gift set in 2019. And they came out with like, you know, more different kind of, you know, scents throughout the Bombshell line. So, I was really happy. I got like, I have all five of them now. So, yeah, I'm gonna actually show you all five of my scent perfumes and gonna tell you which one I like the most and what I like the least about them. But you know, I love them all the same, and they're the ones that I use the most on my, for my, for my body these days as a choice of a perfume before I go off anywhere. So, I'm gonna show you the first one, which is gonna be the Bombshell.

Okay, so this is the first one, and it's, yeah, it's called Bombshell, just nothing else. Yeah, and this one actually has a champagne floral kind of scent to it, and it's really, it's really pretty. Like, when I, when I smell this, it smells like, smells like something I would want to wear with my, with like a bridesmaid's dress or like if I'm going to an elegant dinner or tea party. I think this one would kind of match the event in my opinion. But yeah, so this actually came from the other gift set I got in 2019 for Christmas. It came with the other perfumes, Heavenly Dream Angel and Tease. Tease is a really good one too, so I recommend that along with all the other Bombshells I'm going to show you. But I use this one actually the least out of my other Bombshells, but I mean, I use it when I have to go like, you know, traveling or go see somewhere overnight because, you know, it's convenient, but it smells really good. And one day I hope to get like, you know, a bigger size of it, but right now I'm just gonna continue using this little travel size until, until it runs out. So, yeah, the next one I'm gonna show you is Bombshell Intense.

Now, it is a really pretty, like, red. It's like in a little red bottle, which actually is attractive to me. I think when you see this bottle, you're gonna kind of see that the name does match its packaging. So, when I saw this for the first time, I was like, oh, this is definitely gonna be like a wine kind of like scent to it. But yeah, I haven't used this one like very much, so sometimes I forget that, I forget to use it, I forget what it smells like. So, oh yeah, it smells really good. It's, I don't know how to explain it. It does have that floral, floral scent to it, but it also smells like romantic in a way. I don't, I don't know what romantic would smell like to you, but like to me, it just has like a sweet sense to it, and it does kind of have like, I don't know, like, I don't know, I can just say it smells really sweet. So, intense and sweet. I don't know if that matches, but you know, I don't hate it. But actually, the first time I got it, I was kind of like, you know, taken back because I couldn't smell it as much. And I got scared for a second. I was like, oh no, I'm losing my smell, COVID, oh no. But after that, I was fine, no COVID at all. But yeah, I really like this one and try not to put too much on you because it is a little overpowering if you do. But yeah, this is a good scent. So, once again, this is the Bombshell Intense from Victoria's Secret.

The next one I'm going to show you is Bombshell Seduction in a baby pink little bottle. It's really cute, I like it, it's really pretty. I do use this one probably the second most, I guess. I know I was looking back at my other perfumes like, which one do I use the most? What has the most, less liquid in it? But yeah, I'm gonna actually test this out again and like, you know, what it smells like. Okay, so it kind of is relevant to the first Bombshell, but this one has like a soft kind of, a soft smell, which is like a soft, like rich kind of like perfume. It definitely like, is, it definitely screams perfume. Like, this is definitely a perfume where it's got a soft touch to it and it's, I don't know, to me it's like, it smells like a slow dance. I don't know, like if I, how can I explain this? But it's just like, like the color just matches kind of like the herbal sense to it. Like, it just smells like, smells slow, nice, definitely florally, but it's just like, it's just like, it's not as intense as the Bombshell Intense, that's for sure. But if you like like, you know, subtle kind of like perfume florally smells, this one is a really good one. So, once again, that is Bombshell Seduction.

Now, this one, this one is also, this is Bombshell Passion. And this kind of looks like all the other Victoria's Secret perfume bottles or little packages that always come in this color. I feel like this is the theme color for Victoria's Secret. This one's actually a really good one. So, when I saw the word passion, I thought it was going to taste like a passion fruit drink or something like that. I don't know if I said taste, but it smells like a passion fruit drink. So, let's try this. And yes, I was right. It has like, oh my God, you know what it smells like? This smells like Tutti Frutti jelly beans. Okay, you guys all know the Jelly Bellies, the Tutti Frutti ones. I feel like that's what it smells like if you like took a bite of it and then you smelled it, because I have done that before. But it also smells like, it smells like bubble gum a little bit. And I feel like it smells like bubble gum and then it like smells like, like a pretty rose. So, it's like a rosy bubble gum sort of like flavor. So, it's definitely like a little bit, it's sweet, but it's got like kind of like the candy smell to it, but not too much. So, if you're not a big like overly sweet vanilla, like all those like fruity kind of perfumes, this one just has like a touch of a smell, like a smell to it. Sorry, I had a little bit of an interruption earlier, but like I said before, it smells really good. I recommend this one. This is probably my third favorite perfume that I use, but it's right up my alley and I don't hate it. I love it. It smells good. So yeah, that once again is Bombshell Passion.

Next one I'm going to show you is, this one's actually my top favorite. This is Bombshell Gold. I was attracted to this the moment I saw it. And when I asked my mom, or when I told my mom that I really wanted this for Christmas, like, you know, she was really sweet and remembered what I wanted. But I swear, the moment I smelled this, I was in love. So, I'm gonna test it out on my hand. So, just put it kind of on my arm. Oh my gosh. It smells like gold, but with a richer, like prettier scent to it. You can tell like, it's like the, it's gonna be like the holy grail of all Bombshells. That's just my opinion, but no, it's just, it's not overly intense. It's just, it's like a perfect balance between like floral and essence and richness, and it just smells so good. I can't even like explain what the beauty of this is. See, I can't even talk because it just smells that good. Not even being dramatic, but yeah, it's very pretty. It's a very beautiful scent. I wear it all the time before like I go off to work or go off in general, but it's always on my dresser and it's the first one I grab and I enjoy so much. But yeah, that's actually my favorite one out of all the Bombshells. So once again, Bombshell Gold, go out and get it now.

So yeah, that is all my Bombshell perfumes that I have. Those are actually the only five that Victoria's Secret carries. I do hope that they make more, more different ones from the Bombshell collection. I'm sure they will, probably like, you know, more towards Christmas time when people like, you know, start buying gifts for their loved ones and significant others. So I can't wait to see more on that

. But once again, I hope that you enjoyed every single one. Whoops, I hope you enjoyed every single one of these perfumes. I'll once again show you every single one that I have. I can't carry all of them, but this is all them and they're all in different colors. How pretty. But yeah, so I hope you enjoyed my review. I did my very best to describe every single one of these perfumes and I'll put a link down below where you can get them on Victoria's Secret. And let me know if you guys like the Bombshell perfumes as well. I really like to know which one of all those five was your favorite. So, thank you for tuning in and I will see you on the next video. Bye-bye.