Hello and welcome to another episode of Unboxing with Paul. Today, I'm excited to bring you the JBL Tune 510s, JBL's starter on-ear headphones. Let's take a look at them.

[Music]

You can typically find these headphones on JBL's website for $49.99. However, they're currently having a sale as of right now where you can get them for $29.95. So that is quite a deal, and I, for one, am very excited for these as JBL's packaging typically tends to be very, very nice as we can see right here with this big, nice, glossy picture of the headphones. We turn this right around, and we can see a transparent window so you're able to see the product on the inside and see what it actually looks like without any sort of image enhancement. Back here, we can also, thankfully, finally see that these headphones are Type-C enabled, so not only quicker charging times but also a more robust connector. In addition to that, we are running Bluetooth 5.0, which is going to allow for multiple connections to multiple input sources without having to pair and unpair. Furthermore, it claims to have a 40-hour battery life, which is actually somewhat impressive. However, after the Techno Mobile Bravos that we tested last time, you guys remember those had a well over 38-hour battery life at full maximum volume and those are really, really affordable headphones. We're also going to test these claims of a five-minute charge time offering you up to two hours of operating time—very, very good if that happens to be true. But let's go ahead and finally get into them and open them up.

Okay, so we're gonna put the box aside for right now. We're gonna put the actual headphones aside for right now as well. We're gonna look at our packaging. Typically, most JBL packaging does come with a quick start guide to get yourself familiarized with the item. It's just in the box. We got paperwork, we got a single Type-A to Type-C cable as well as our actual headphones. Looks like it's giving us a quick rundown of how to connect, power on, blah blah blah blah blah. Let's see what else do we get here. Besides that, we also got the warranty card, probably hazardous materials, and an actual—oh, more legal and safety, a lot of legal and safety. Holy cow. Okay, so lots and lots of legal and safety. So we're gonna go ahead and put all this aside and continue with our unboxing.

So, as I stated earlier, we only got two actual items in the box, again one of them being JBL's Type-A to Type-C cable. It's a very nice cable though. Usually, these are coated and meant to be water-resistant. This kind of looks like the JBL—is it the JBL Go 3?—which has that same coating on the inside to make it water-resistant. And I do like that their USB-A, and they usually are reversible, so it doesn't matter which way you put it in. There is no wrong way to put it in. Props to JBL for thinking about that. And the pièce de résistance, the actual headphones themselves.

Again, 160 grams, so fairly light but not lightweight. You've got a plastic top with a faux leather foam in the middle, like just at the very top, not all the way around, so just where the crown of your head would rest. I wish that these—where you would adjust the two sides—were a little harder because they feel like they slide up and down way, way too easily. The material on here just looks really, really cheap. It looks paper thin, honestly. It looks like you can scratch it with your fingernail. You know, if you're, again, being a little bit too rough on this, I mean maybe not. Looks like it's standing up to me scratching it continuously with my fingernail. So, I know it's not very scientific, but I do appreciate the fact that at least they label them right and left, so you're not guessing because it can be quite disorienting when watching a movie or playing a video game if you're waiting for gunfire to come from the right side and you hear it from the left side. It completely throws you off, so at least I'm very thankful for that. I do like the fact that the ends do swivel to adjust to your ears because your ears are not flat like that. Your ears aren't flat like that, right? They kind of have to pivot a little bit to allow for your head or for your ears to be able to fit nicely in them. So props to them on that. But let's actually go ahead and try them on.

Okay, so in all fairness, they're not the most comfortable things in the world, but let's try to go ahead and continue with the rest of this unboxing and see what they feel like and what they sound like once you're actually plugged in and on.

Okay, so now we're gonna try to pair these to our iPhone. Again, it looks like you hold the power button for two seconds and it—oh, it does light up. Great. That's so cool. Okay, so they've come up right away as JBL Tune 510s. Okay, so it makes that distinctive sound to let you know that they have been paired. Once more, let's go ahead and put them on. Okay, and let's go ahead and listen to some music. On a scale of one to ten, I would probably and very, very honestly give them a six and a half, maybe a seven. The highs sound very nice. They're probably turned up a little bit. However, there's no shimmery top end. It just feels like the highs are turned up a little bit high, that's a little bit. And the bass is obviously very, very non-existent, especially with drivers this small and especially having something Bluetooth. You're always going to be lacking a little bit of that oomph that you would have from something that's wired in or a much, much larger driver. That being said, they are not bad. They're just not worth $49.99, which is why I think you're currently getting them for $30. At $30, they become a much more attractive offer, I guess. However, you know, for again for $29.99, to begin with, I don't really like on-the-ear or over-the-ear headphones for that matter. At least I haven't found a good enough pair, and not in this price point. You guys already know, in my opinion, save your money. So I would say definitely go ahead and save your money and either get the QCY T5 or just get some regular in-ear headphones. Don't get these over-the-ear ones just because, again, I can't really justify that price, especially for the sound quality. It's really not the best. And that 40-hour battery life, it's no longer a big selling point, especially when again you can have an item that's 10 bucks cheaper that has just as long of a battery life that is not a name brand.

Go ahead and make sure to comment and be surprised so you guys can be entered into the giveaway for the Teclast T30 tablet. The moment I reach 750 subscribers, I'm gonna be giving one of these away. Again, my product is comment and be subscribed. As always, thanks for watching.

[Music]