Hey besties, welcome or welcome back to my channel. My name is Lindsay, and in today's video, we are talking about the Lapa Yara perfume, which is super popular. This is no secret to the internet; everybody and their mother knows about this fragrance. Even my grandmother knows about this fragrance and absolutely loves it. It's very viral; it's very popular here on the internet. So I did want to make my own video on my thoughts, and I also wanted to talk about the flankers. The video is really more about the flankers because I have talked about this perfume on my channel. But if you are interested in me breaking down each and every one, talking about my thoughts and opinions and how they do differ, definitely keep watching. Yara has three flankers: Yara Moi, Yara Tous, and Yara Assad. Now, I don't have Assad because it is said to be more masculine-presenting. It's supposed to be more like a Dior Sauvage kind of dupe or something like that. Based off of Fragrantica, the notes are top notes of black pepper, tobacco, and pineapple; middle notes of patchouli, coffee, and iris; and base notes of vanilla, amber, dry wood, benzoin, and labdanum. And yeah, between that dry wood, patchouli, tobacco, and black pepper, I'm not necessarily sure if I would get down with the fragrance, but I did want to at least mention it in this video in case you're curious.

Now, I will be the first one to say that I don't love the packaging on this fragrance. It's not my favorite; it's bulky and I don't love storing it. But I will say it's very, very affordable. I've been loving so much on my Arab perfumes; I've been finding really, really great fragrances. So if you do want a video specifically on Lapa fragrances, like all the ones I own, or on my Arab fragrances, my favorites, definitely let me know. They have some killer formulations and for such an affordable price point. I want to say these are under $30. I will go ahead and link that down below, wherever I can find them the most affordable for you.

But anyway, starting with Lapa Yara, the original, this is Yara. It's very bubblegummy sweet; it's very pink-like; it's very girly. Oh yeah, when it opens up, it's a little citrusy, and I just cannot emphasize enough how powdery this smell is to me. It's very, very powdery. I want you to know so that way if you do get it and you're like, "Girl, that's powdery," I told you it's very powdery. It's very youthful. It opens up and there is some citrus and a lot of coconut. I get a bunch of coconut, but the way it's mixed in with the other notes is beautiful. So it's not like a suntanny type of scent because you do have the other tropical fruits. I wouldn't say I get strawberry. Some people say they get a strawberry milkshake. For me, my brain just can't—I just can't go there. I just can't give you strawberry milkshake. But it is really pretty and there is a creamy vanilla that I do get. Maybe I could give you vanilla milkshake, vanilla coconut milkshake, but I can't give you strawberry milkshake. If I close my eyes and think of strawberry, maybe I can see it. It's a pretty blend of a fragrance. It's not groundbreaking; it's not super complex. It's pretty—I don't want to say basic, but it's just a nice girly fragrance. It's just a nice girly, powdery, sweet scent. Beautiful for layering; great for summer because it does have a little bit of a tropical vibe. But overall, I get the creamy vanilla, the powdery quality, and that coconut. Those are the main notes I do pick up on, and as it does dry down on the base, I do completely lose the citrus from the opening.

The notes are top notes of orchid, heliotrope, and tangerine. The heliotrope is not like that almondy smell. Middle notes of gourmand accord and tropical fruits, and base notes of vanilla, musk, and sandalwood. I would say compared to the other three, she's basic, but like, she's not a bad basic. She's a good basic—a nice essential in your collection.

Then we have Yara Tous, which is definitely playing more on the tropical facet of Yara. This is very pretty, perfect for summer. I love the fact that you are getting that Yara DNA. You're getting the coconut; it's still powdery and there is a sweet vanilla. But you're getting more—this is really, really yummy. It's very warm to me. It is super smooth and you do have the musk. It is very much a summer vacation vibe. This is so pretty. And yeah, it's just very feminine as well but more mature. I would say you definitely have something that's not as playful, not as girly. This one is a little bit more grown woman, but not dated, not too mature. This is so beautiful. It's almost a little sexy. I could definitely see myself wearing this on a summer date night or maybe like a summer day date. This is so pretty. It's a beautiful blend of florals and fruits. There's passion fruit, mango—the mango is not super juicy in this scent, but I get it and it's very, very pretty and fun. I love this scent, and again, I find it so just sexy and beautiful and womanly. Like, this is gorgeous.

The top notes are mango, coconut, and passion fruit. Middle notes are heliotrope, jasmine, and orange blossom. And base notes are vanilla, cashmere, and musk. Again, this one is super powdery. You do have the musk, you have the really beautiful coconut, but it is a twist that I really do enjoy. Even though it makes sense to me that they are flankers, they smell like their own fragrances to me. That's what I actually really do like about the Yara flankers.

So this one is Yara Moi. To my nose, Yara Moi is a more creamy, sweet, cozy type of fragrance. It's really pretty, but I don't know if it's for me. I feel like the combination of the patchouli with this creamy sweetness I'm getting and the peach is just coming off a little bit. It definitely is a little off-putting to my nose. It's not even that I hate the patchouli in the fragrance, but I just think the combination altogether—sometimes I smell it and I like it. I think it's cozy, warm, and inviting, and really beautiful and even, yes, a little elevated. But then sometimes I smell it and the notes—I just don't love the way they come together, and that is just the reality. There is a caramel sweetness that you get that is pretty, but overall, I feel like there's a lot more to this one than Yara, but I feel like I get on better with Yara. So I have to say this is my least favorite, but I could see somebody liking it. There is just this creamy sweetness that I really do enjoy, and with the caramel, it's so beautiful and warm. But I think I could have done without the patchouli. Yeah, I just think with the patchouli and the jasmine and the peach, with that creamy milky sweetness, it's just not for me.

The notes are top notes of jasmine and peach, middle notes of caramel and amber, and base notes of patchouli and sandalwood. I wish I loved this a little bit more. Sometimes I really enjoy it, but it's just warm and sometimes it can be headache-inducing for me. So they're not my favorite notes blended together.

So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you did, do not forget to like, comment, subscribe—all the good things. And also let me know down below what is your favorite Yara flanker. Bye besties!

I had to resay besties because my throat like cracked and it was very embarrassing.