Hi, Candy Flames here today with another Yankee Candle chit-chat and review, and today I'm talking to you about Pink Sands. So, welcome back if you've been here before, and if you're new to my channel, welcome. Pleased to have you here. Thanks for dropping on by on this nice sunny day here in the UK. It's very fresh outside, but it's nice and sunny, nice to see a bit of sun.

So yeah, Pink Sands here. Oh gosh, I love Pink Sands. This is one from the core collection, isn't it? It's been around a long while and I feel it's a classic. I'm pretty sure if you're a Yankee Candle fan, that you have come across Pink Sands in some shape or form, like a wax melt, a votive, but I'm pretty sure that you've come across Pink Sands on your journey with Yankee Candle, and it is beautiful. I absolutely love this one. Look at that beautiful label there, nice pink sands with a beach, very exotic-looking, very hot-looking. This candle with its beautiful baby pink wax there, I just feel it screams summer vibes. It is great for the summertime. I personally love using this in the summer, but I tend to use it for late afternoon going into the evening, and then I'll extinguish this and light my Midsummer's Night, which I absolutely adore. And the two of these together, I just feel, complement each other and work really, really well.

So yeah, let's jump in with Yankee Candle's description. So, we have it's an exotic island escape, a beautiful mix of bright citrus, sweet florals, and spicy vanilla notes. We have the top notes of citrus, melon, and berry. We have mid notes of osmanthus. We have the base of spicy vanilla, musk, and woody notes.

So, like I say, please comment down below if you've tried this. I have looked at reviews and this seems to be a big favorite with everybody. Everybody's saying that it's very comforting, it reminds them of the summertime. Lots of memories, I think, with people where they've had this one in their collection for so long, and when you light it, it just brings back their memories, doesn't it? Summertime, if you've used it then. A really great candle. I'd say that it brings that warm, happy vibe. It's very soft, very relaxing and comforting, and soothing. It's beautifully blended, very smooth. It's a fruity floral, a bit like a warm watermelon. It's for summer, but for me, evening summer, and I find it very warm, fresh. I love this candle. And although it is a summertime candle and it's great for summer vibes and it does remind me of the warmer weather, I have been known to light this in the wintertime. I actually took down my decorations on the second of January and I lit this candle. Dreary January, I just wasn't feeling it that day, and I lit this candle and it just brings that sort of warm, happy vibe. Puts me in a good mood. This is definitely a good mood candle, so if you want to feel in a good mood, it's uplifting in a warm, comforting way. And yeah, if you have not tried this, this is one you really do need to try and put into your collection, honestly. You will not be disappointed. There are some scents out there that I would say are not for everybody, they're not everybody's cup of tea, but this one, no, I just feel that I'm sure that this one would be everyone's cup of tea. Personally, I haven't met anybody that doesn't like Pink Sands. Some people have said it's a little bit light for them. I don't feel that. I feel it's very warm and it does go all throughout the room, but you can always, like with me, I burn a wax melt in my centerpiece, which just takes it up to another level and then it really does go throughout the house. I would give this a good 7 out of 10 throw rating, definitely. My family loves this one. Same, they say it's summertime, they can smell that watermelon vibe from it, that sort of fruitiness. Both of my children say that it reminds them of sweets when they smell it and it's just a pleasant smell and, like I say, one that I think everybody would enjoy. Great one if you've got people coming over in the summertime. You know, it's a great one to have in the background there. It's not going to offend everyone, I don't think. I just think that everybody will enjoy this.

So yeah, Pink Sands. And like I say, I will not be without this one. This is one that's permanently in my collection and I use it all the time. Love it, very happy, comforting candle.

So that's Pink Sands for you. So next week, what have I got coming up? I have actually got on the way another couple of the Sakura Blossom Festival collection. I haven't got my hands on the mango ice cream yet, but I have got my hands on the other two, which is the Berry Mochi and the Tranquil Garden. So I do have them coming to me. I also have coming one that I tried years and years and years ago. I've had it in a centerpiece and wax melt since, but I haven't actually had the candle for quite a while, and that's Black Coconut. I have that coming because it's beautiful. I don't know if you tried that one, but it's really beautiful. So I will be reviewing that in the weeks coming up or might save it for a bit warmer times. But yeah, I'm going to have some classic ones, some from the core collection coming up. I feel that we haven't gone over. Also, I'll be jumping back onto the Yankee Candle Elevations because I've got plenty of them to review and get through. I've got the Chocolate Eggs already, which is the one they're bringing back out for Easter, a re-release there. So I will be doing that over the Easter time. So yeah, I've got lots coming up. So don't miss it. Please like and subscribe, hit that notification bell so you don't miss it when I upload a video. And yeah, that's what's coming up. And by the way, I always review in the large jars. I buy them in this large size, it's just how I like them. And I will be buying every one they bring out this year in this original jar shape.

So have a really good week, whatever you're up to. Comment down below, I love to hear from you. I read all the comments and I do try my best to reply to you all. So yeah, have a really good week and I will be back next week. Bye.