Friends, what's good? All right, I'm going to talk to you about Versace Bright Crystal because this scent has totally been growing on me. And honestly, I loved it the first time I smelt it, but it's just not a fragrance I would personally wear. It's very feminine, and my taste is unisex, slightly leaning masculine on myself. Anyways, this is so sexy, okay? I would recommend this fragrance to the girls that want to be known as the freshest smelling person in your friend group, in your family. You're looking for that scent that's going to do everything for you. You know what I mean? You want a dumb reach fragrance. You want something that you can wear when you're running errands, something you can wear when you're at a party, going to the beach, going clubbing, you're on a date, anything, any kind of situation, and you want to smell fresh. This is such a good fragrance, okay?

And you know what? I have been wearing more niche lately, but I have to say that just smelling this because I gave this to my sister, and she's already running through this thing, so she needs a full size of it. But I love it. I love it more than the Killian that she wears on herself, and I think it's Good Girl Gone Bad. But yeah, this is just a universally sexy fragrance that makes people's eyes roll back. So if you're a guy watching this and you're like, "I wouldn't get that. That's not my vibe," like if there's a lady in your life and you want her to smell amazing, you want to get her something that you know she'll feel confident in, something you know that she'll feel sexy in, and just that fragrance that you know when you just take a shower and then you apply a scent and you just feel like ten times better, that's sorry. So that's the kind of fragrance that this is.

So I was like, "Sure, that sounds like a toad for a second, that's hilarious." But what else? Okay, the notes of this fragrance: pomegranate, there's also lotus, magnolia. And I saw on Fragrantica that there's ice in the top of this, which is actually a very cool note. I've never seen ice in a fragrance before, but I guess that totally adds to this smell. It has like a cooling effect to it, you know what I mean? Like, okay, it's fresh, it's relaxing, but it also cools you down a little bit. I don't know how they worked ice into this, but it smells great. And the dry down, there's musk and also a slight touch of amber just for a little bit of sweetness, a little bit of that comforting feeling. So Versace Bright Crystal is definitely one of my favorite scents on a woman right now, at least in the designer realm, absolutely.

And you know how much I love Good Girl by Carolina Herrera. If you're a woman or a guy that it's a little bit too sweet for you, you know what I mean, and you want, you're like, "Damn, I wish that that thing was fresher," then get this one. I would say that the longevity of this fragrance is at least, I smell this on my sister like over six hours easily. And she won't smell it on herself after four, and she's like, "Yeah, I think it's gone." But she'll pass by me and I smell it. Like I've smelled this maybe, like no problem, eight hours on her. But she sprays it on her clothes, okay? She's not the person that sprays on her wrist once or twice and then she goes about her day and the scent is gone. She sprays it on her like the clavicle area, on her clothes, or on her back. So she has that really nice scent trail, but this thing shows out.

And like I mentioned before, even I had to test this on myself just to see how it developed on my skin. And I did receive compliments on this fragrance when I wore it that first day. People were like, "Whoa, that smells really nice." I got compliments from guys, compliments from girls. Yeah, so fresh, sexy, Versace Bright Crystal. I love this. And if [___], I mean if, if someone has a full size that they don't want, just know that I'm here. Know that I'm here, and I would probably gift it to my sister because, yeah, she's, dude, she's going through this thing. She's going through this thing. She's had it for maybe like a month or less. So yeah, thanks for watching. I'll do another review after this, and subscribe if you haven't already. There's also a bell notification down there that alerts you when I post stuff, which is really cool. So yeah, suggestions in the comments. I'll leave a link in the description for my socials and for the fragrance if you want to check it out. All right, have a good one. I'll see you later. Bye.