Hey, guys. Today, I'm going to be doing a review for you on this Lysol All-Purpose Spray Cleaner in the Lemon Breeze scent. They do have other scents available, but this is the only one that I have tried in this particular cleaner. As you can see, I have made my sink extremely dirty for you guys, and you're not gonna believe this, but I have actually let my sink stay like this for 24 hours, which is very unlike me. I'm not even gonna get into it, but yeah, I did. But just to save time, I'm not even going to explain it.

But anyway, I showed this in my latest haul video, and I also showed the orange Lysol Kitchen Pro Antibacterial Cleaner. I took a poll on Instagram and asked you guys which one you wanted to see me review first, and the majority picked this one. So I will still be reviewing the other one, just this one's coming first.

So as you can see, the sink is extremely dirty, and yes, I made it dirty and then ended up not being able to film because I had to go to work, and so it sat and it got dirtier. And here we are. So I'm gonna set you up, and we will get started.

Okay, guys, one more thing I wanted to let you know is a great thing about this cleaner is, well, first of all, it disinfects. It also is able to sanitize. There is a difference. I will be making a video very soon explaining that and a lot of other things that you guys are curious about—just cleaning tips 101, I guess. But what I wanted to say is most disinfectants take at least 10 to 15 minutes to work, and this one and the other one that I was talking about a minute ago, they are able to disinfect in two minutes. So that saves a lot of time. And also, when you're disinfecting, you need to keep the surface wet for the full amount of time. So for ten minutes, that's a long time. You have to keep coming back and spraying, spraying, spraying. So it is actually quite the product too.

Okay, so the sprayer is on, and I'm just going to thoroughly wet all the surfaces so that this will properly disinfect. Like I said, to disinfect some things, you have to be soaking it, and it needs to remain wet for the full amount of time that it is supposed to sit on the surface. So if it starts to dry like that just did or if you need to spray it again—a lot of people don't know that, so a lot of people want to do that, but they're not doing that—you are not disinfecting. Sanitizing takes a lot less time, usually about 30 seconds, but it doesn't kill as many viruses or germs. So I'm gonna let this sit, and I'll be back in two minutes.

Okay, so I'm kind of dumb because I'm sitting here and I'm like, "Wow, look how dirty my sink is." And then I realized, "Wow, it's really dirty. This product is not going to disinfect at all, so why am I waiting two minutes?" So there's no point in me really waiting two minutes, so it's really sat about 30 seconds. So I'm just going to see if it will clean right on it. No, that's fine.

And I'm probably not going to show the whole process of scrubbing because it will probably take a bit, but I'll show you guys initially how it works and how it takes off the tough spots like this in there. There's some stuff left behind, and wow, that literally came right off the tap. That came right off. I've never cleaned something this dirty with this. I think I've said really, I'm pretty clean, like I'm really messy, first of all, would not get this dirty in the first place. And I think it's clearly getting clean. Look at that. That comes off, and if you're not disinfecting, I'm not. So I wouldn't even need to use this much product unless I was disinfecting. And like I said, you cannot disinfect something that is this dirty, so you have to pre-clean before disinfecting. If you see how much cleaner is going into the sink right now, I do not need to use even close to that much just to clean this, so don't make that mistake.

Okay, here's the tough part. Let me see if I can zoom you in. Okay, so that might be a little better, but because of the angle that you're at, you might not be able to see it as well. But I'm barely putting any pressure, so I'm going to see how that works first. Okay, it came off, but with a little bit of elbow grease and pressure, it would have come off a lot faster. There's another big spot right here, but you're not gonna be able to see it, so I'm going to do it right here. Yeah, more pressure, it's coming right off.

And like I said, guys, this has been sitting for over 24 hours, so it's not fresh. It's not bad right off just water or something. All right, so are you seeing this? Look at the difference. That was so quick. This actually, like I said, I don't typically have messes that big, but I am so surprised at how well this cleaned it up. When I sit in houses, I did not use this, but maybe I should have. That worked so well. So I recommend if you have kids, if you just don't clean your bathroom that often, whatever the case may be that you might have a dirty sink, dirty toilet, whatever you want something quick that works, the Lysol All-Purpose Spray Cleaner is definitely a good way to go.

Like I said, the smell is a little bit strong. I've been in here with the door shut so that it's quiet for you guys, and it's a little strong for me. And I said I am not typically sensitive to chemical cleaners, but the door is shut. So if you are sensitive, you either want to open the windows, just make sure it's ventilated, have a fan on, something. But it smells nice. It works really fast. I just read the bottle, and it actually, I said most disinfect in 30 seconds. This one actually does disinfect. I'm sorry, did I say disinfect? It sanitizes, and most cleaners sanitize in 30 seconds. This one sanitizes in 10 seconds, I think it said. Yeah, 10 seconds. That's awesome.

So yeah, I think this was about two dollars and fifty cents. It wasn't more than three dollars, so yeah, I definitely recommend it. You can get it just about anywhere: Walmart, Family Dollar. I think I got it from the grocery store, so it definitely gets the approval from me.

So I hope you guys enjoyed this review. I'm very happy with my clean sink now, and I will see you guys in the next video.