Hi friends, welcome back to my channel. Today's video is going to be my first impression, my first time smelling... I probably shouldn't use absolutes, but I would say based on my feed, the most pushed and recommended cheapy fragrance for men. And yes, it's more of a summer fragrance and we're coming into fall, so this is kind of, you know, a little behind. But I wanted to see what the hype was about. I had to smell it for myself and see, is it really worth the money, the thirty dollars? Is it really all that these influencers praise? So, let's see. This is Nautica Voyage.

I was just randomly in Marshalls the other day and I saw it because I've never seen Nautica Voyage in the rack stores. I've seen other flankers like Nautica Blue or Nautica This, Nautica That, but I've never seen Nautica Voyage. I saw it in Marshalls and I thought it must be a sign from above that it's time that I smell this fragrance because it's not new. It's been out since about 2006. So, this has a pretty interesting note list. Notes like apple, mimosa, lotus.

One spray. Beautiful. It has some musk, cedar, oakmoss, and amber. Whew, strong in the air, let me tell you. So, this is a woody aquatic fragrance for men. I mean, obviously, with a name like Nautica Voyage, it's got to be pretty blue. Okay, so on the strip, I definitely get a little bit of the muskiness because when you smell it from the cap, from the atomizer, it kind of smells like just cucumber water. It's like an interesting way to describe it, but that's kind of what it reminded me of. Just like you go into this spa and you get the water with the cucumbers in it. It's not bad. It's not bad at all. It doesn't smell... okay, it smells a little cheap, I'm not gonna lie, but it doesn't smell like really cheap, like super synthetic or anything like that. And I was actually pretty surprised looking up the reviews on this that I was kind of expecting more of a divide. I was expecting more of like 50/50 people love it, people hate it, but it's pretty much an overall very loved fragrance. Very praised. The performance is not that great. A lot of people say it only lasts maybe like four or five hours, but you know, for a thirty-dollar bottle, what can you complain about? It has like this kind of greenness to it, this herbiness, and you definitely get the apple and that lotus note, the floral note. It's nice. It's not bad at all.

I think this is definitely like a good safe wear. You know, you're going to work and you don't want to spend a bunch of money. I say it's fine. Like, you're not gonna upset anyone by wearing it. But I think it's just so... it's just kind of boring and overdone. I think I saw a comment online saying like, "wear this if you want to smell like every girl's ex-boyfriend." But it's nice. It smells like a very nice fresh out of the shower kind of scent. Very clean. I think that if you literally have only thirty dollars in your bank account and you need a fragrance, this is good. I need to pay 30 bucks for this though. I think I paid 15-20 bucks, but I got it from a rack store. So, like I said, every time I go, I always see all these flankers all the time. So, you can find this at any rack store for really cheap. Great for the summer. Definitely for the summer. I think it's definitely good. Like, I would wear this if I was a guy. I would wear this to like the beach. I don't know if I would just wear it as a daily, you know, scent. Maybe work, maybe, but I definitely could see myself if I was a guy wearing this at the beach. So nice. It's always nice to be pleasantly surprised, right?

Alright, I wanted to come on here and I wanted to smell it and I wanted to hate it and, you know, rain on the parade of, you know, these influencers that are pushing it. It's so good, it's the best fragrance ever, blah blah blah. I give it a solid... everything considered: price, performance, smell, I give it a solid seven. Is it ever gonna get anywhere? I don't know. My brother all of a sudden keeps coming over as I'm collecting more bottles and, you know, more men's fragrances in my collection. My brother keeps coming over and like stealing bottles and swapping them and like he stole my Le Mans bottle, you know. Every time he comes over he's like, "I want to try that, I want to try that, I'll try that." Like, go for it, I'm not gonna wear it. So, anyway, I feel like I'm kind of rambling a little. So, not bad at all, Nautica Voyage. Thank you guys so much for watching. Leave a comment below with your opinions on Nautica Voyage. I would love to hear them, and I'll see you next time. Bye.