What's up, Stitch gang? Welcome back to another video with The Stitch Life. You guys have already read today's title; you already know I'm going to be sharing my thoughts and opinions on the Yara Lattafa perfume that the girls have been kind of raving about all over TikTok. I might be a little bit late, but in case you guys want to hear how I feel about the Yara Lattafa perfume and if it's worth the hype, definitely keep on watching and stay tuned.

Before getting into my review, if you are new here, welcome! My name is Stitchy. Be sure to like this video and subscribe down below as well to become a part of the Stitch gang. Make sure you guys also follow me on Instagram and on TikTok at The Stitch Life.

A few of you guys might want to know about today's look. I'm actually experimenting with what's going to be my summer makeup look, so definitely stay tuned. My lip combination for today is actually the Rare Beauty lip pencil in the color Strong, in addition to a Pat McGrath lip gloss. I think it's called Whisper Wonder or something like that. I'll leave it linked down below. And my earrings are from a Brooklyn brand, so I'll leave links or something similar down below as well. But yeah, that's the look for today—some light.

Okay, let's get into what you guys are really here for: my thoughts and opinions on the Yara Lattafa perfume. This is a perfume I actually purchased on Amazon. This is the box that it comes in. It's pretty cute in my opinion—what do you guys think? Nothing too crazy. The bottle is a 3.4-ounce bottle. We know it's an Arabian scent; they're pretty good for giving us nice perfume. So let's get right into it.

I'm going to start off with the notes, and then I know a few people have been saying that it's a good dupe for the Burberry Her. I'll get into that as well, but let's start off with the notes for the Yara Lattafa perfume. It says Yara is an exquisite high-end Arabic perfume, awakening your daring senses between tropical aromas, elegant aphrodisiac notes, and as the minutes go by, you will feel sparkling sweet and warm tones with powdery fresh seal. Top notes include heliotrope, orchid, and tangerine. Middle notes are gourmand accord and tropical fruits. Base notes are vanilla, sandalwood, and musk. The scent type is a musk, and this retails for $32 on Amazon. I want to say I probably paid a little bit less because they were having a sale, but it does retail for roughly $30.

Pardon me, this is the bottle. The bottle is stunning. The box is cute, but the bottle is it. I really, really, really love this bottle. It's very cute in my opinion, and a good size as well. Let's go ahead and spray it. I'm not gonna lie, I've already worn it for probably two full days, and I actually wore it last night as well before I went to bed, and I put it on today as well. But let's give ourselves a couple more spritzes of the Yara Lattafa.

I'm not gonna lie, I bought this because y'all said that this was giving strawberry milk and cream. That's exactly what I heard it was giving, and I heard it was very similar to the Burberry Her perfume as well. At one point in my life, I did want the Burberry Her, but I have so many fragrances I was just like, "You know what? You don't need to get this, at least not right now." However, I have been looking into the Burberry Her Elixir; I might be picking that up. But let's get into Yara Lattafa.

So starting off, I smell pineapple. In one of the descriptions, I didn't read it, but in one of the descriptions, it does say that pineapple is one of the notes. I also get the musk, but I definitely get the strawberry and the cream that you guys are getting as well. It's not listed in the notes on Amazon, but that's what I'm getting—it definitely gives strawberry and cream. I don't know if you guys know that candy that we used to eat when we were younger—nostalgia moment, just a little bit. I'll pop a picture up right here. I think it was probably called strawberry cream or something like that. That's what this is, in my opinion, in a bottle. Like, that's exactly what this is. It's definitely sweet, it's definitely fruity, and it's a bit creamy in my opinion as well. It is very nice.

So yes, that's what I get from the projection. However, longevity—I'd say this lasts on me for a solid four hours. It's not going to give all-day wear; it's definitely not going to give all-day wear. I definitely feel like it's great to reapply, but it doesn't give all-day wear. And I feel like it's not as strong either. If you get your spritzes in, you could definitely build up the intensity of it in my opinion. But it's not giving—like, something's going on with my light, please—oh, it went away, stop. Please disregard.

But it's not giving like YSL Libre. Nothing like that. If you know YSL Libre, then you know. Not saying the fragrance profiles are similar, not saying that at all, but you know how intense YSL Libre is—if you know, you know. It's not giving that, but it is really nice. It is pretty. For the price point, I feel like it is great as well. I could definitely see myself using this on an everyday basis, layering. I've already started to layer this with other things, trust me. Specifically with the Sol de Janeiro Cheirosa. I think that's 68, the one that's similar to Baccarat. I also really enjoy pairing it with one of my favorite scents to date because of the powdery note that that scent gives, the Giorgio Armani Si Fiori. Chef's kiss. Like, these two together, this and the Si Fiori—immaculate, immaculate, immaculate. You can also layer this with some of your musks, being that it does fall in the musk category. I do get the musky vibe that it claims to have, but it's not overly musky. It's more fruity, creamy, milky in my opinion. Definitely getting the strawberry vibes, definitely getting the tropical fruit vibes—that's really what I get whenever I smell this. She's good.

And they didn't lie—the minute it starts to dry down even more, you do get the sweetness. It might be giving a little bit of aphrodisiac vibes if they say so, but it smells really good. I highly recommend if you've been thinking about picking this up. Again, it's not going to last all day. Don't expect all-day wear with this $32, roughly $32 fragrance, but it is good. The bottle is also very cute, as I mentioned. It looks nice on my vanity. It's pink, so extra plus if you like pink things. If you like pink things, it's pink. And that kind of inspired today's look. Hold up, let me get a thumbnail. Let me make sure I focus on...

Yeah, so onto if it smells like the Burberry Her. I don't have it on me to test, but I will share the notes for the Burberry Her. And I will also note that I worked in Sephora for a couple of years, and I used to sell the hell out of that Burberry Her, so I know what it smells like, okay? I think that's dull enough for me to stand up here and see if it compares or not, but let's get into the notes of the Burberry Her perfume.

So the Burberry Her perfume has notes of dark berries, jasmine, musk, and amber. So you already see the berries—strawberry in here, berries in the Burberry Her, and the musk—musk in here, musk in the Burberry Her. Its scent type is fruity floral, fragrance family floral. It says it's an artful blend of berries elevated by a spirited jasmine and violet and smoothed out with amber and musk—a multifaceted magnetic fruit gourmand and the scent of freedom. Okay. Now also, I realized while reading this on Sephora's website, it says, "Interweaving the house's tailored heritage with unexpected twists and turns, the designer perfume from master perfumer Francis Kurkdjian,"—hopefully I'm pronouncing this right; if you speak French, please do not kill me—"opens with an intense burst of berries with blackcurrant, blueberry, and raspberry left to linger in an intense fruity floral sweetness."

I didn't know Mr. Francis was behind curating Burberry Her. Shout outs to him. He did a pretty good job. I used to sell the hell out of that fragrance. Again, never got it for myself, but I might be picking up the Elixir. Real good, it's just even more intense than the Burberry Her, but I definitely think it's a pretty good dupe. It's not a dead-on dupe, it's not a spot-on dupe, but if you want to save a little coin, Amazon got you. Just saying. This is good. I like it. Spray a little more today. It's good. I feel like the more you spray, the more you will smell it. Keep that in mind. But also great for layering. If you really wanted to, you can also put on maybe a vanilla perfume oil as your base and then spray this on top to help with longevity. Just giving out some tips. But it is very, very good. I'm super happy with my purchase and I recommend, I recommend.

So, Stitch crew, let me know what you guys think if you own this down below. Comment

 down below and let me know how you guys are feeling it. If you don't own it, let me know down below if you're going to pick it up.

So that pretty much wraps it up. I didn't want to keep you guys for too long. I just wanted to come on here and share really quickly how I felt about the Yara Lattafa perfume. She's the one in my book. I really like her. If you've been thinking about picking it up, if you haven't seen enough reviews, here I am to give you guys another review, letting you guys know that you should get it. It's really good and the price point cannot be beat. So let me know down below if you guys are going to be picking it up. I hope this review was helpful to somebody. If it was to you, be sure to leave your girl a thumbs up down below. Also, subscribe down below and become a part of the Stitch gang if you haven't already. Share this video with one of your friends that might have this on their wish list or if you think they need to add this to their collection, go ahead and share it with them, girl. And if you haven't already, be sure to follow me on Instagram and on TikTok right here at The Stitch Life. And until next time, I'll see you guys all later. Bye guys!