Welcome back to another awesome video. Today we've got the Soundcore P20i by Anker. These are some wireless headphones. Right now, at the time of filming this video, they're on sale for about thirty dollars with a three-dollar off coupon. They have 22 preset EQs, are waterproof, and have a 30-hour charge. It doesn't come with a charger brick but comes with a short USB-C cable, which I guess you can hook up to a laptop.

Let's see, got some instructions. Okay, okay, so they're the earbuds. When you did that, I think it lit up. So plug that in. Yeah, okay, so they're charging in the case. That's how it came from the factory. And then you, I guess, you plug the case into the USB. What kind of ears do we have? I don't know. We'll find out.

Here, I always thank the people who wear those white Apple headphones, they look like there's something dripping out of their ears, but I guess they work. Oh, cool, they're magnetic. So look at that, that's kind of cool. You don't have to line that up exactly. How long does this company... and it looks... they actually look pretty good. They make some speakers and stuff. Soundcore by Anker. So Anker, they make a lot of USB chargers. There's a Soundcore app, but let's just try to hook it up at first just with regular Bluetooth and see how it works without the app. So see if you see it under your Bluetooth.

Okay, there you go, so just taking them out of the case apparently... did that pair? Pair. Alright, well, let's play some music. Play something from the YouTube Audio Library on your phone there, and let's see what it sounds like. Yeah, it sounds pretty good. Alright, let's install the app and see what options you got. I can barely hear you even if they're not playing music, so it does a good job of blocking out sound. Yeah, I don't think they're noise-canceling, are they? Let's see. I think they're just clogging up your ears pretty good, I guess. Yeah, uh, yeah, blah blah blah, corporate stuff, skip, skip the account, plus, plus to add your new device. Okay, there it is. Okay, there's a firmware update. Okay, optimize known issue. That's very descriptive. Let's click more and see what it is. Not a lot of information. You know, in 2023, you've got these headphones which have electronics, which have firmware that, you know, maybe they're tracking you. Maybe this is a secret government company. They're making sure you don't listen to the David Rush guy from... because there could be aliens. Wait, hang on. Okay, okay, so we've downloaded our firmware upgrade and then we're gonna install it. Will take about three minutes. Well, I guess just as a review point, if you just want to pull these out of the box and start using them, they are charged, they do work with Bluetooth. Well, like 50% though. They're charged 50%. Oh, did it tell you when you put it... Yeah, it tells me on the Google. It tells you on the Google. Is it B Google? It's a Google phone. Okay. Yes, while we're waiting on that firmware update, let's see about the instruction manuals. We got a quick start guide. Oh, it's just one giant piece of paper. Powering off. Okay, it tells you to put them in there. Resetting them. LED light guide. Oh, pieces. Oh yeah, you can call people, so there are tap controls on the side. There's something called Pixel Buds, and you could do all that for 70 dollars and you can connect to your Pixel. Well, this was thirty dollars. I mean, for thirty dollars, we've got touch control, we've got equalizers, we've got generic batteries. What is gaming mode? Turn on gaming mode to reduce latency and enhance the sounds of footsteps and voices. Okay, so that way... probably just an equalizer since it dims out the equalizer. Let's try the equalizer. Put them back in your ear. Piano. Oh, it gives you your equalizer curve up at the top. Okay. Alright, so single tap it. Let's see if it pauses. Alright, yeah, okay, that's working. Alright, anyway, so yeah, it looks like you have controls where you can say I want my single tap to be this, and you want that, and then you want your double tap to be native voice assistance, whatever that is. Okay. With a microphone. Okay, well, can you hear me okay? Yeah. Okay, bye. So we're gonna just try his initial impressions listening to my Sennheisers on Tax Man and then these wireless earbuds, I guess with the default equalization there. Well, let me make sure because this MediaMonkey app does have an equalizer. Oh, and I do have it on. Let me... let's reset that back to nothing. Okay, those sound okay. Those kind of sound the same, interesting, with the Soundcore equalizer. Alright, yeah, do the bass boost. What do you think? Sounds a little bit better when you do the bass. Okay. Okay, with the wired ones, I can use other software equalizers, but these you can make sound good. What do you think? They're pretty good for thirty dollars. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, other questions that might come up would be, you know, do they fall out of your ears while you run? How often do you have to recharge them? It says 30 hours. Well, do they actually live up to their 30-hour play time? That's about it, and see you next time for another awesome video. Bye bye.