It smells like if GQ magazine was like, “Please come into the office today because we need to get pictures of you and no one else can do this job but you.” This is what this smells like.

Hey you guys, it's Alex. Today we're going to be doing something random, but it's going to be fun for me, and what's fun for me is probably fun for you. And if it's not, I mean subscribe anyway. In this video, I'm going to be opening some candles. And there's like very specific channels that I can and cannot really deal with. The ones that are made out of desserts are usually disgustingly sweet, and the ones that are like, they just smell like earth, literally just smell like earth. Candles are really hard to come by that I can appreciate. My favorite candle by far forever is, I think it's a little bit, a Yankee Candle or some other type of brand, but it's a Black Bamboo. It's so subtle but at the same time pungent. It lasts so long and it's good. But that's not what this is about. This is about a new random candle that I found that I enjoy so much. I'm actually not sure what the brand of... oh yes I am, it's called Lulu Candle.

And in this video, I have two to open and smell, and then tell you how it smells. So I have experience with Lulu candles before. I previously bought two other candles from them and then I decided since I'm buying two more, that means I enjoy them and that needs to be told to you. So one of the first candles I bought is the Jasmine Oud and Sandalwood. It smells so good to the point where you can just open the box, you just sit it on your table and the room will smell like this very subtly but very, very impressive. It smells like if the guy in your office that you're crushing on for about two years and right before you left the company came up to you was like, “I always liked you, you're beautiful, would you like to go on a date?” This is what this smells like.

So we're gonna figure out what these smell like. I usually lean toward those woody, no pun intended, earthy type smells that don't smell like soil but smell like plants or freshness like baby powder or cotton or linen, if you will. So with these new ones, I'm trying something different. So let's open it and see what we got.

Okay, you can already smell... oh yeah, it's not the friend again. As you can see, these are soy candles. The only fun fact I know about soy candles is if you use it for anything other than the scent, it won't cause any severe burns. Don't quote me, I'm not a doctor. I'm also not a professional BDSM-er, but I do enjoy it anyway.

This one is vanilla. Oh, it's number 43, 100% cotton wick, slow burning, 255 grams, nine ounces, hand-poured in the USA by Lulu candles. This one smells like if you're sitting in church and the old lady next to you is like, “Do you want a hard candy?” You get that hard candy and you put it in your mouth and you're like, “Wow, this is probably the best thing ever,” and then they end church quickly. This is what this smells like. This is like if you went camping and your friends were like, “Just kidding, you don't want to go camping,” and then turned around and said, “We're actually going to Puerto Rico,” and you guys drink coquito all day. This is what this smells like.

So let’s open the other one. It's so random. Whoa, this one smells fresh. Okay, this is why. This one is Lilac and Violet, number 62, slow-burning, of course, 100% cotton, 160 grams, not nine ounces. I'm sorry, how is that possible? No, someone tell me why I'm confused. This is so weird. But anyway, this smells like if you were to get out of a shower and then roll around in a field of roses and then go to the hospital because it smells so darn clean there, they give you free healthcare and tell you you have no problems. This is what this smells like. If you went on vacation and you landed on a beach because gravity, and you got onto the sand, you got into the water, you had yourself a good time, you walked back to the sand and you weren't covered in it. Together though, it smells like you went to a party, you had too much to drink, you threw up, you felt so much better, you went home, got in bed, woke up without a hangover, met your friends for brunch, you had a mimosa and some french toast with whipped cream on it. It has a good... good. That's what this smells like.

I gotta stop smelling things. If you guys like this, please give me a thumbs up. If you want to see more videos like this, please comment below letting me know what you would like to see. If you want to see more of this face, please subscribe to my channel because that would be nice. Don't forget to hit the notification bell because it lets you know when I post because sometimes I don't know. And if you want to share this with your friends and maybe even your enemies, you can do so by doing it on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and sometimes Snapchat because now people do that too, right? Oh, and maybe even TikTok. Is that a thing? Let's put TikTok right here. Just remember you guys, your smile is infectious. Have a great day. 100%, 100% and cool. Can you share things like TikTok? I mean, like probably, but you know, I know. Okay.

[Music]