Hey YouTube, welcome back to my channel. Thank you so much for joining me for today's video. In today's video, we're going to be reviewing the newest Lattafa Yara flanker, Yara Twos. So if you're interested in seeing what my thoughts are, then keep on watching.

If you are new to my channel, welcome. My name is Oshimari. On this channel, I talk about all things smell goods. If that sounds like something you'd be interested in, then don't forget to subscribe to my channel before you leave today, as well as give this video a thumbs up. And if you are a returning viewer, hey, it is so good to see you.

Alright y'all, so I hope everybody is doing good. So let's jump right into this bottle. This is what the newest flanker looks like. It is so bright and just, it looks like the sun and the sunshine. But in comparison to the other colors, I think that, you know, they definitely know what they're doing and the timing of when they're releasing fragrances. So this is what the atomizer looks like.

So it's very quick, it's wide. So in that opening, you definitely get blasted with a whole bunch of different fruits. It's very fruity, very juicy, and you immediately get hit with that mango and the passion fruit that's in the top of this. I was kind of hoping to have more coconut in the opening. I do get a little bit, but you mostly get that coconut in the dry down.

As the fragrance starts to dry down, you definitely do start picking up on those floral notes that are in the middle. So in the mid, you have orange blossom, you also have some heliotrope, and you also have jasmine. And then in the base, that's when you have some cashmeran, you have some musk, and then you have vanilla.

So I've had this fragrance for about a week and a half, two weeks now. Right when I saw that they were talking about it on TikTok, y'all, TikTok got me again. And ever since then, I've been able to play with it. And I will say that that fruitiness and that tropicalness in here never really does go away. All throughout the fragrance, you're still getting a huge blast of that passion fruit mixed with the orange blossom. So you get fruits and florals, and then you also are getting a lot of that mango. And it's not like a juicy, ripe, real mango. It's kind of like an artificial type of mango. But I feel like the artificial mangoes kind of smell just a little bit juicier. But then as you wear it, it turns more so into this creamy kind of mango-vanilla-coconut mix, and that to me is so, so refreshing. So I am really enjoying this fragrance.

Now, this one, in comparison to the last flanker that came out, Yara Moi, I would definitely say that there are some similarities. But this one is much juicier and fruitier. So Yara Moi is like a mix of these tropical woody florals. It's very spicy and it's also got this slight type of graininess to it that's like, I don't know, almost like grassy and earthy. And that grain pepperiness in here really does last throughout the entirety of the fragrance. And that is not going to be for everyone. So I think that that could have maybe thrown people off with the last flanker. But I feel like what they did with Yara Twos is they took out the peppery note in here, they tapered down on those florals, they amped up more fruity notes, and that's kind of what you have here. So two different fragrances, but there are some similarities in here, y'all. You will smell them if you have both of them. Which one do I prefer out of the two? It would definitely be Yara Twos.

Now, in comparison to the original Yara, I would say that these two are nothing alike. This one's like this strawberry creamy, almost like milkshake, that is so pretty. And whereas there are some florals in here, there's also gourmand accords, which I think that's where that strawberry is coming from. So having all three of the flankers, I would say that Yara is like this gourmand creamy strawberry one. So this one's like a gourmand one, this is like a spicy floral, and then this is a tropical juicy fruity take. So out of all the three, would I say that this one is my favorite for right now? Maybe yes, but overall, no. I would definitely say that Yara, the original one, is still my favorite. But I definitely really do like this one and I've been pulling for this one and I've been wearing this one a lot. And y'all, the original Yara also lasts much longer than this one. Not much longer, but I would say this one's good for about six hours on my skin. This one becomes a skin scent very quickly, like maybe after like three to four hours. You still get whiffs of it, but it's definitely not as long-lasting as this one.

So what I decided to do was I layered these two together. And y'all, when I tell you, if you have both of these, try that because it is so, so good. I'm about to do it right now. So what I do is I put down Yara, the original one, down first, right? And then I go on top of it with the newest one, Yara Twos. And y'all, oh y'all, these layered together is like this tropical creamy fruity gourmand that is perfect for the summertime. It is so addictive. So when I wore this one by itself, I didn't get a compliment from my husband. When I layered these two together, when I walked past him, I saw him go like this. And y'all know that's also another way to see if somebody actually likes your scent trail. If they don't look up, then it's like, okay. But if they look up and they're like, wait, what was that? That's how you know it smells good. And y'all, even if he didn't look up, I knew that I was onto something here. It's such a nice combination. Y'all, just think of all the notes that are in both of these combined. This is literally like a strawberry mango passion fruit daiquiri. You're walking around smelling like all of that on your skin. Before I did this combination, I was ready to tell y'all, yeah, this is cute, it's good, it's great for right now, very refreshing. But because of this combination, I would say that you need both of these. This one definitely gives you all those creamy vibes, if that's what you're going for. But if you're looking for that tropical take on a gourmand, then these two paired together are beautiful and they are so addictive, and I can't stop combining these.

Overall, I would say that this is a nice flanker, but I do think that you have to appreciate it for what it is. It's not gonna blow your socks off or be like anything that you've never smelled before, especially if you have other mango passion fruit tropical fragrances. But I do think that it is a really good addition to all the other Yaras. It definitely does bring you a different take on the original and the Yara Moi.

Now also, girl, if you're looking to bring out more of the coconut in here, because I feel like when we heard about this fragrance, we were thinking, oh, mango, passion fruit, and coconut, right? So I thought that all those notes were going to be really prominent. But the fact that the coconut is not as loud as I wanted it to be, that was a bit disappointing. So what you can do is just layer this with a coconut body spray. So the two that I have in front of me are Coconut Pineapple from Bath and Body Works. And this one has notes of shaved coconut, fresh pineapple, and sugar cane. So this is a great combination. And so far, my favorite combination with this one is one that I think is discontinued, but you can still get it on like Mercari and eBay, and this is Coconut Palm. This one is such a nice combination. So if you have this, pull it on out. The notes are not listed on the back of this one, but this one is like a very creamy palm mix of coconut and I believe there's some sea notes in here as well. But it's a very milky, creamy coconut, which kind of will also add to the creamy aspect in here. So I would definitely suggest this combination if you have these two. But honestly, any coconut prominent body mist that you have will be a great addition to Yara Twos.

Alright you guys, that is it for today's review of the Yara Twos. I hope that you guys found this video helpful if you haven't been able to make up your mind on it. If you did like today's video, don't forget to give it a thumbs up before you leave and subscribe to my channel if you're not subscribed. And as usual, take care of yourself, God bless you all, and I will see you on the next one. Bye.