One of the most popular videos on this channel is when I reviewed the Bose QC2 earbuds. Many of you subscribed to my channel because of that video, and some of you might be wondering: I've had the Bose for almost a year now, and in that time, there have been several firmware updates and even some new features that were added later on, like the ability to use the left and right earbud alone and adaptive transparency. So in all of that time, have I changed my mind at all about the Bose QC2? Buckle up, because I'm going to talk about its pros and cons after 300 days of using these earbuds and whether they are worth buying. If you want to check its latest price, I've included a link to it in the description below.

First, let's talk about the pros. As a reviewer, I have so many buds in my collection, but I just keep coming back to the Bose QC2 for several reasons. Reason number one is the fit. These offer one of the best stability and comfort, and the wings keep them in place very well. I myself use them a lot for running—half an hour on the treadmill with these earbuds—and no matter how sweaty my ears get, these remain stable.

Second, the controls. It has big touch pads which allow for a wider range of controls on each earbud: music playback, ANC and transparency toggles, and it's also possible to swipe and control the volume on both ears. So if you want to use just one earbud alone and leave the other in the case, you still have full access to all of the controls. That's worth mentioning because of how rare it is. Now, off the top of my head, the only other one that lets you do that full range of controls on one earbud is the AirPods Pro 2. But if I'm wrong and there are others in the market that can also do that, let me know in the comments.

Third, the sound. Now, this is going to be a pretty controversial take because the QC2s were never really meant to appeal to audiophiles. And what audiophiles are looking for is mostly that golden hi-res wireless label, which is the next best thing to full hi-res. But I find that its audio quality is good enough to please most people and not bad enough to piss anyone off, avoiding many of the mistakes that other brands make, like overly aggressive mids, boomy bass, or sibilance. Now, I won't go so far as to say that this sounds amazing, but for me, its track separation is clean enough, it's detailed enough, bassy enough, and its sound staging is open enough to enjoy. If you want to compare its sound quality to buds from other brands, visit LoudenWireless.com sound samples page. Link in the description.

And the last point of why I keep coming back to the Bose is its active noise canceling. Out of everything I've tested, it cancels the most noise. The rumbling noises, dumping down the sound of human speech, it's really the only reason why I take these with me whenever I go on flights, because crying babies, yeah, it's become indispensable really. And if you do take it to the gym like me, the ANC on these does not stutter when you run. It may not be the most portable, but for that kind of noise canceling and the way it maintains ANC power by locking into my ears properly while being comfortable to wear, that's a trade-off that I'm willing to make.

Actually, this is a nice segue to the first con of the QC2, which is its size. It's gotten a lot smaller compared to the first version, which was a dinosaur, but still bulky compared to my other daily driver, the Sony LinkBuds S, which is really a cute little thing compared to the Bose QC2. Now, I don't mind just bringing these buds with me, putting them in my ears, and leaving the case at home because its battery life is not bad. But if I do need to bring the case with me because I'm meeting friends or going to events, I usually just bring something else with a case that's more convenient and less bulging.

The second con is its call quality. This is something that many brands can get quite right because of how difficult it is. After all, these things are so far away from your mouth, but they're expected to pick up your voice while ignoring every other ambient noise. Now, this stuff is hard, but right now it's getting better. The Nothing Ear 2's call quality is quite impressive, as are some other products, but I can't say the same for the QC2. It's usable in quiet scenarios, but if you do need to take a call in a noisy place, your voice is either going to sound very far away or a lot of the noise is going to leak in. It won't really block wind noise either, so the person on the line with you is going to hear flapping noises.

The third con is that you can't turn off active noise canceling. It's either different levels of noise canceling or transparency. Now, the reason why somebody might want to turn off ANC is to conserve battery, but you don't even have that option at all on the Bose QC2.

Con number four is that it still does not have multipoint pairing, which is the ability to connect up to two devices at once and seamlessly switch between them. Most premium buds already have that, but the Bose still doesn't. So even if some things have improved over the past year, which makes these better value today compared to when it first came out, like single earbud use and active sense transparency, the fact that it still lacks multipoint does mean that it's still lacking in terms of features compared to competitors from Sony, Sennheiser, and others.

But keeping in mind the pros and cons and the updates that have improved it, I'm more comfortable now recommending these compared to when it first launched. If you need insanely good and reliable noise canceling, fit, and comfort—I mean, its noise canceling is still mind-blowingly good, industry-leading in fact—if you want to check its latest price and offers on Amazon, I've got a link down below. And if you want to see more reviews like this one, get subscribed and tap the bell button to stay notified. Smash like and share to show some love. Also, follow me on Twitter. Link in the description. And do click here to find out which earbuds have the best call quality in 2023 or watch another video from this channel.