Hi, everybody. Today's focus: I am testing Mrs. Meyer's Multi-Surface Everyday Cleaner.

[Music]

I've had many viewers suggest that I test Mrs. Meyer's products in my home with my bacteria testing. Some of those viewer requests come from Trisha, Blaze, Jody, Grace, Cali, Kim, Page, and Fate Wine Roses. Mrs. Meyer's products seem to be pretty popular among my viewers, so I purchased some Mrs. Meyer's Multi-Surface Spray, and I chose the scent Lemon Verbena. I should point out nowhere on this product bottle or their website do they claim to be able to remove bacteria. They do not claim to be a sanitizer, do not claim to be a disinfectant; it just claims to be a cleaner. But we're going to test it anyway in my home to see if it can remove bacteria.

In order to see how well Mrs. Meyer's does remove bacteria from my home, I'm going to take a picture just like this guy here, and I'm going to label it A, B, and C. I'm going to take some sterile swabs and swab various areas around my home, such as the kitchen counter, kitchen sink, bathroom sink, toilet room, and I'll place those samples on the petri dish labeled B for before. Then I'm going to clean according to the directions on the Mrs. Meyer's bottle. Those directions state simply spray and wipe away, so there'll be no time on this. A lot of times when I'm testing a product that claims to be a disinfectant or a sanitizer, there'll be a 30-second to five or even 10-minute wait before I'm supposed to wipe it clean. However, this just says spray and wipe, so that's exactly what I'm going to do. After I'm done wiping, I'll take a second sterile swab, swab the area again, and place that sample on the petri dish in the area labeled A for after. C is my control; nothing's going to go there. So let's see how well Mrs. Meyer's can remove bacteria from my home.

[Music]

[Music]

[Applause]

[Music]

Now for some results:

The kitchen counter—in the before section, we can see a lot of bacteria there, and in the after section, there are a few tiny bacterial colonies there. So Mrs. Meyer's does an excellent job at removing bacteria from my kitchen counter.

The kitchen sink—in the before section, we can see a lot of bacteria there, and in the after section, there's nothing. There are no bacterial colonies growing at all, so Mrs. Meyer's does an excellent job of removing bacteria from my kitchen sink.

The kitchen sink drain—in the before section, there are a ton of bacteria there; it's a huge smearing of bacteria. And in the after section, you can see three big visible bacteria, and there's also about half a dozen tiny bacterial colonies floating around there. So Mrs. Meyer's does a great job at removing bacteria from my kitchen sink drain.

The bathroom sink—in the before section, we can see a lot of bacteria, and in the after section, you can see one or two big colonies, and there's actually about half a dozen small tiny bacterial colonies on the dish. But overall, Mrs. Meyer's does a great job at removing bacteria from my bathroom sink.

The toilet rim—in the before section, we can see a tremendous amount of bacteria there, and in the after section, there's about a dozen small bacterial colonies. So we can see a major visible decrease in bacteria, and Mrs. Meyer's does a good job of removing bacteria from my toilet rim.

Overall, I'm very impressed with how well Mrs. Meyer's was able to remove bacteria from various surfaces around my home, even though they make no claims at all to be able to remove bacteria. For those of you wondering about the scent of this product, I did choose Lemon Verbena. It is very, very strong. When I first started spraying it on my kitchen counter, that's the first time I used it, I actually stopped, looked at the bottle, made sure I didn't actually have a concentrated version of the product—that's how strong it is. To me, it smells really nice. It's not choking, it's not chemical-smelling, but it is strong. It does linger for quite a while, but the scent, you know, decreases over time. It's a nice scent; it's an enjoyable scent; it's just very, very strong.

I want to thank the viewers who suggested that I test Mrs. Meyer's. I was pleasantly surprised with these results. I really enjoy it when a product makes no claims at all to being able to remove bacteria, and it does an excellent job. So great job, Mrs. Meyer's. If there is a product that you would like me to test out, do me a favor and put it in the comments, and I'll add it to my viewer suggestion list. My list is about 200, maybe 75 suggestions long. I'm doing my best to get through them, and I absolutely love seeing what the viewers want me to test. Or you can mail me something from my Amazon wishlist—the link is in the description. Or you can mail me something; my mailbox address is in the description. Just do me a favor and send me an email that's also in the description so that I know it is from you. Thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. Take care. Have yourselves a great day.