[Music]

Hello. Today, I am going to talk about Lysol. This is an all-purpose cleaner, a cleaning product that is said to kill germs and bacteria on all different surfaces. They claim to kill 99.9% of viruses and bacteria. I cannot, I guess, I don't know if I could vouch for this because I don't have anything to measure how much bacteria I've killed, but I'll take their word for it. It works really well with cleaning up spills and gunk. I don't know why I have so much gunk in my house. I'm a very messy person, to be honest, and I always am spilling things and just leaving things around, and I'm a slob. So having this on hand is very important for me.

It also fights grease, and it's hard to find a good product that really fights through grease, in my opinion, and this does the job. So I'll use it sometimes to clean my kitchen, like the stovetops and things like that, just to really give a thorough cleaning. I also use it in the bathroom and everywhere in the kitchen. Maybe not inside the coffee pot, but the outside works fine, and on the surfaces, countertops—basically, it just makes everything sparkly and squeaky clean. This is great to have because it's all over me most of the time. Like, I could stock up on a lot of different cleaning supplies, but like I said, I'm a slob, and having just one thing that works really well is just what I need. I don't need to get anything else.

It works for almost everything, but if you have a carpet or something like that, I would say maybe get a carpet cleaner. Don't rely on Lysol. It's good for hard surfaces mostly. I buy it whenever I run out. It's basically been around with me for quite some time. I moved into my apartment about nine months ago, so I would say I've been replacing it ever since then whenever I run out. This is a fairly large bottle, 32 ounces, and my boyfriend does use this too, so it's something that doesn't run out very often. And like I said, I don't clean every day, but you get the picture. I will be replacing this when this runs out.

Now, this particular size definitely lasts a lot longer than other Lysol products. They have wipes and other smaller containers, so I definitely feel like this one was the right one to go with. And it deodorizes, so it takes away really bad smells and it doesn't just wipe them up, which is nice. But I do have to warn you, the smell can be very overpowering. So if you're cleaning a really small room or area and you're just spraying this everywhere, maybe wear a mask or just be prepared to hold your breath a little bit, just because it's a lot. You can still smell it, it's like breathing it in, and it's not pleasant. But overall, it's a decent smell, if that makes any sense. The smell is Lemon Breeze, so it's supposed to be lemons and whatever breeze smells like. It's a decent smell.

I bought this in a time when I really needed to have cleaning supplies, and so it wasn't like something that I just chose to buy randomly. It was really out of need. And so the fact that this really suits my needs is very important. I'm pretty minimalistic. I wouldn't travel with this, and I don't carry it around with me. It's really bulky and kind of heavy, and frankly, I don't know why you would bring it with you. But the bottle is very durable plastic, and the spray head is just... there's a nozzle here, and it just sprays. You press down, and then the liquid comes out. You aim it at wherever you want to go. This right here, if you twist it, it can shut it, so it will turn off the ability for it to spray. But overall, pretty simple, straightforward mechanism. There's no bleach in this one, so keep that in mind. You would have to get bleach separately if you want to get bleach. I just keep it under my kitchen sink with my other cleaning supplies.

To use it, you just aim at a spot that you want to clean and then you wipe away that area with a cloth or a sponge or rag or whatever you use to wipe things with. Yeah, so I definitely like having one in my house at all times. I've tried a few other all-purpose cleaners, but this one just seems to be the best. It just really fights that grease. That's what I need. The substance is clear, it's not like soapy, it's more just shooting out soap. That's what it looks like. It's made in the USA. Lysol was introduced in 1889, and they specialize in cleaning products. So you can find a lot of their cleaning products, and I would definitely check it out.

Thanks so much for watching.

[Music]