Hey guys, it's Melanie. Happy Sunday. So today I have a review for you of the Capri Blue Volcano candle. The size that I have right here is the 19-ounce size, and I actually purchased mine through Ulta. And, um, I was really excited when this candle finally came to Ulta because I have been wanting to purchase this for at least a few years, and I've always put it off because it's a little bit expensive as far as candles go. And obviously, with Capri Blue, the sales aren't as readily available as they are through, like, Bath and Body Works and Yankee Candle, and so I just never invested. However, when I saw that I could earn Ulta points, I went ahead and decided to pick it up when I placed my last Ulta order. Side note: I am honestly just shocked beyond belief that this candle, which is glass, most candles are, arrived in one piece because it is not packaged in a box or bubble wrap or anything. It's available through several retailers, but with Ulta, they... I don't know what is wrong with their shipping department. I had this in a box with one other item, which was a mousse from Pureology. Basically, I am just shocked that this candle arrived in one piece and that I was actually able to burn it and enjoy it. Um, because like I said, like the lid, which is sitting right in here by the way, it was not even taped onto the candle in any kind of way. That was just floating around the box randomly because I'm sure that came off within moments of them actually putting the candle in the box. Um, but here it is. It arrived in one piece. I've been burning it for a little over a week now, and I do in my downstairs bathroom. So that is where I'm recording this video, and I'm really glad I finally picked this candle up because everyone was definitely right about how amazing it smells. If you've ever been inside of an Anthropologie store, I believe that this is the fragrance that they sort of infused the entire store with is this volcano scent from Capri Blue. It is a very summery, very fresh citrusy type of fragrance. So I believe that the notes are tropical fruits and sugared citrus. Um, there really is no better way to explain it than like a tropical fruit punch mixed with a sugared citrus scent. It is very fresh, it's very clean, and it's like the perfect bathroom scent. And if you're looking for a citrus type fragrance for a bathroom, it's a beautiful scent and I love it, and I am so glad that I finally tried it. I will absolutely be repurchasing it. I did take a look at the Capri Blue website, and they have different jar styles available in their fragrances. Volcano, I believe, is one of their most popular scents, but I've seen it in a pink jar. So very similar style to this one that you see but like an opaque pink. I've seen it in a, what do you call that, mercury glass type container. Slightly different style than this jar, but yes. So they have different options if you don't care for this blue one. You can definitely find it in some different packaging. I believe there's also like an opaque white. So for me, the blue is fine. I like blues, but the blue is the only one that's available through the Ulta website. By the way, I will link this down below for you so that you can go read up a little bit about it. So the 19-ounce jar retails for $30. I believe the prices are the same on the Capri Blue website. There's free shipping over a certain amount, I believe, but don't quote me on that. The only reason I haven't bought from their website is because, again, I like the Ulta, and I actually will have an Ulta haul coming up here where I included another one of these candles, and I got the entire haul for free because I used some of my many, many points. So yeah, I like getting it through there for that reason. But like I said, you can purchase at different places. As far as the strength and throw of this, um, that I am slightly disappointed in, but I'm not surprised because that is just kind of what I had heard about the candle to begin with. And that is that the strength in a small bathroom like here, it's like a strength of an 8.5 and a throw of, I don't know, I mean it fills this bathroom. It travels slightly outside of the bathroom into our entryway, but really not much. So this is kind of a one-room candle in my eyes. When I put this in my kitchen and family room, which is more of an open concept area, I could get a faint whiff of the fragrance, which is nice. I mean it doesn't have to slap you in the face, but I really like stronger candles. That being said, for me, this is the perfect bathroom scent. I did also buy the volcano hand wash through the Ulta website, so I'm gonna have that in the bathroom here. So I think I'm just gonna have this as my permanent bathroom candle, especially for the spring and summer. I'll probably switch it up for fall and winter, but it is a beautiful scent, you guys. Um, it's just not a great performer in an open concept type area. I'm gonna stick with my Homeworx candles and, you know, obviously my Bath & Body Works backups and anything that I buy coming up from them. But yeah, just strength isn't there. As far as burn performance, that's another thing that I wanted to talk about. I'm just gonna, sorry I knocked the camera here, I'm just gonna move you up over here so that you can see that this bad boy wants to tunnel. And that was another thing that I knew was gonna happen because everybody says that it does. Believe me, I let this burn all the way to the outer edge and it had a really nice wax pool the first burn. And with most candles, if you do that, they will burn perfectly the whole way down. This one does not. In subsequent burns, even if I try to let it pull out completely for like five hours, it just won't do it. So yeah, I've had to rate the leg burn performance on this. I probably put that at like a three or a four because one, it takes forever to pull out. So this is not something that you want to like just on a whim. You need at least four hours to get it to pull out at least mostly. And it's not a producer, but it's funny, when I stick my nose right over the candle, it has a slight burnt scent to it. And I'm not just burning my nose hairs, it just smells different than when I take like three steps away. When I'm not sniffing it right up close, when it's burning, it smells fantastic. But when I stick my nose in it, it just has this odd percent change and I don't know why. And that combined with that tunneling out, it's just not a great burn performance, if that makes sense. However, again, that being said, even with all of that, the fragrance of this is so wonderful in and of itself that I'm totally willing to deal with it and I'll just kind of work with the candle. I imagine when I get to the last, you know, maybe third of it, I'll just pop it into my candle crock, which will be fine. But yeah, so I don't know. I kind of have mixed feelings about this. I will definitely keep purchasing it, but I do wish that the burn on it was better and that the throwing strength were a little bit better because it is such a lovely scent. That being said, just because those two things are not there, it's not gonna scare me away from continuing to repurchase the candle. It's a little bit more high maintenance, but that's okay. By the way, I did not trim my wicks on the first burn and on subsequent burns I just went ahead and took off that little mushroom top and I did not cut the wick too short because really there wasn't a lot of wick there after the first burn. So I don't know if that has anything to do with it. This is my first Capri Blue candle, so let me know if you have a little bit more experience with these guys because I'm curious. I mean, I don't think I did anything wrong, but maybe, you know, let me know what your experience is with these candles and if you have any tips or tricks to get the throw to improve or, you know, maybe should I put it in a hurricane or something? Let me know. I would love to hear you guys' feedback. Thank you so much for taking the time to watch. I have some more Homeworx candles that I am burning to report back on from the spring and summer line. I know I am like, I have been so late in getting those out. The Homeworx Christmas in July is coming up on the 15th, I believe. So keep your eyes out for that. There will be a today's special value and some preview of the fall items. And yeah, so thank you guys so much for taking the time to watch. Let me know if you have any questions, and I'll see you in my next video. Take care. Bye.