[Music]  
Hey guys, and welcome back to A Chic Chick! So today, we're doing another perfume review. This time it is Versace Bright Crystal. I love this fragrance, and I finally purchased it. I got this on a Black Friday sale for $99, and it's the big, big bottle. So it's the 3.0 fluid ounces. It's normally, I think, around $140. So I got it on sale for $99. So hopefully, you guys can catch that same sale this coming Christmas as we get closer to the holidays.

But let me just tell you what else I got. Macy's was running a special Black Friday sale where if you buy the big bottle, you get a nice little free gift. Let me show you what that free gift is. Hold on. This is a whole Versace bag here. Do you see this? Can you see it up close? I want you to get in on that. It's Versace. So, a whole bag if you buy the perfume. So I thought that was pretty nice, so I was really excited. Also, for men's Versace Eros, if you purchased the big bottle, you would also get a duffel bag that was Versace as well. So just to let y'all know, this was a special for Black Friday. So I don't know how long it's really going to last, if it's going to go through the holiday season, but I was excited.

But while I bought this perfume, I really wanted to purchase it anyway. So I went ahead and I got it. I definitely loved it. This perfume right here is amazing. It doesn't have that floral scent that I normally tend to go to. It is very mature, but if I had to describe it, I would say it was sweet, it's soft, it's long-lasting, bright, fresh. All of those things come to mind when I smell this, and I've absolutely grown to love it. I was reading on the website a couple of things about it that I wanted to share with you. So the website says that it's a precious jewel of rare beauty characterized by its fresh, vibrant floral scent. I don't really get the floral in this scent, but maybe it's just me. I don't get that. But the freshness of it, absolutely. The vibrance of it, yes. It also goes on to say that its top notes are yuzu, pomegranate, and water. Its mid-notes are lotus flower, magnolia, and peony. And then its base notes are musk, mahogany, and amber. So I really get that whole musk, mahogany, and amber in this perfume. I really, really smell that. That's that mature scent that I kind of get with this fragrance. But the rest of it, you know, it can be kind of light and long-lasting. It's beautiful. I really, really enjoy it.

So, like I shared with you guys a couple of posts ago, I'm liking my Marc Jacobs Perfect, and now I'm adding on to the list my Versace Bright Crystal. So if you haven't checked this fragrance out, do it. You will not be disappointed. It's very, very nice. So you can get it at Macy's, Sephora, any place that has a fragrance counter, really. It's not a brand new fragrance; it's been out for a while, so you can get it pretty much anywhere.

And I don't know if I did a little close-up, I don't think I did, of the bottle here. So you can see it is a Bright Crystal with the Versace emblem on the top. So it's beautiful. You guys, get a chance, please make sure that you like, subscribe, and comment, as always. And I will see you guys later. Thanks for stopping by. Bye.