[Music]

Hi guys, I'm Amanda. Welcome back to my channel. Happy Friday! I am going to talk to you guys today about the Capri Blue candles. I have talked about them briefly before in other candle videos because they are one of my all-time favorite candles. The brand just makes beautiful candles. The Volcano scent is one that you'll never forget. But before we get into that, I just want to let you guys know that I am here every Friday morning making a new video for you guys. So if you just subscribe and hit the bell, that will alert you when I'm going to be releasing a new video and when the video is live. Also, if you guys want to just hit the thumbs up, that will just let me know that you guys like this video or maybe you don't like this video, and then I know what content to be creating for you guys so that I'm not boring you and I'm giving you what you want.

So let's talk about Capri Blue Volcano. First of all, Capri Blue is the brand, okay, and Volcano Number Six just happens to be their most popular scent. They are a soy-based wax that they use, and I'm going to show you. This is what their typical signature jar looks like, okay. It typically is all glass and it has just the one sticker here that says Volcano and then Number Six. Their wax is soy, but they do have a small amount of food-grade paraffin in their wax blend, and what this does is it allows for a longer burn time and it also allows for a more fragrant burn time. So this is a 19-ounce candle. That's pretty much their standard size, and it's one wick. This one I've been burning. This blue looks just absolutely gorgeous when it's lit up. You need to get it a little bit further down before the jar starts to really light up, and you know the sun is behind me. You can see just how gorgeous this jar is.

Yeah, so I mean Volcano is an obsession of mine. I even have the Volcano Capri Blue plug-in for my Pura, and I have a discount code for you guys for Pura if you're interested. It is amandamay15. Just put that code in when you're checking out and you guys will save 15%. So just a side note. But this is the most delicious scent ever. I want to show you too, they say – I'll put an image up here for you guys from their website – but this is their signature jar, but they say that every closet needs a little black dress, and Capri Blue says that their signature candle needs to be in a black jar. Now I actually don't have one, surprisingly yet, but I'll put the image here and you guys can see that it looks just like this, but it's a black jar, and it's just supposed to be a timeless, classic-looking piece that is going to match any decor. So that is also kind of interesting, and now I think I need one.

These candles retail for $30. You can get Capri Blue at capriblue.com, Nordstrom, Amazon, Anthropologie. I get a lot of mine at Anthropologie. And I just want to show you, when you buy them from Anthropologie, it will say on the jar "Capri Blue for Anthropologie." Another one that I have is right here: Capri Blue Volcano for Anthropologie. So I don't think it says it on the top of this one, but it does say it on the lid. So you know, they always – that's how you know I guess where you get it from.

In my other video, when I was talking about Capri Blue, I mentioned how it is a fruity, sugary, citrusy light smell, but it is definitely one that you can have burning all year long, which I do. I love it. But I like that they change their jars. So like this is one of the jars that I was talking about that just is like a really festive, beautiful jar, but it still has that same sugary, sweet citrus smell of the Volcano. It is the Volcano, but it's just not in, you know, a pink, a blue, a black jar. This is the same one again in a nice pink jar. I like that for the holidays, they will put it in a jar like this. Like this looked really beautiful for like Thanksgiving or Christmas, just a little bit more festive. New Year's, you know what I mean? So I like that they spend the time on changing their glassware. They also have, around Christmas, they make like a red frosted glittery candle, which is so gorgeous for the holidays.

I'm gonna show you this one. So this is Capri Blue, but this is their Spiced Cider scent. Look at this jar, you guys. So gorgeous, okay. Spiced Cider, this one is so beautiful. I have this already saved so that as soon as like the end of September, you know, the first official day of fall rolls around, this baby's gonna get lit, and I love it. Oh my god, it smells amazing, and it's just perfect for fall. And I just love how these burn. Burns straight down, if you guys can see that. It's a beautiful, beautiful burn. The wax goes evenly all the way around. You don't end up with like a hole right in the middle. So I love it.

Also, something else you should know about Capri Blue: they don't use any synthetic fibers for their wick. It's like a braided cotton wick, and it's gluten-free, vegan, paraben-free, sulfate-free, animal cruelty-free, which is huge. So I am just a huge lover of this candle company and specifically the scent Volcano. If you have not smelled it, maybe you have if you've been in an Anthropologie retail store. They sell so many of these that when you walk in, you get hit with this gorgeous smell, and it is the Volcano scent. And once you smell it, you will crave it and you will love it. And for $30 for this huge candle that just burns so beautifully, it is worth the money. And your house will always smell good, your room, and people will remember that beautiful scent because it is unique.

So I am just definitely a fan of the Capri Blue. I'm gonna link in the description box below for you guys where you can purchase them, the ones that I have, and just to make it easier for you. And if you have any questions at all about the candles, I'm your girl. I burn candles every single day all year long, even in the summer. I like this Volcano scent in the winter, in the summer, and the fall. I love it. It is my staple. It's in my bedroom, it's in my living room, it's in my kitchen, it's in my bathroom. Like I said, I use the Pura plug-in. I just absolutely love it. It is such a gorgeous, refreshing, light scent that has a good throw and the jars and the packaging look gorgeous.

So that is all for today. I hope that you guys found this helpful and that you found that you might be interested in a Capri Blue Volcano. It is definitely worth the money for a $30 candle. It's just a beautiful vessel and a great scent. So if you have any questions, let me know. Leave me a note in the comments, I will respond. Follow me on Instagram, my name is Amanda J. May, and I'm also on Like to Know It, Amanda May. And I will see you guys here next Friday for another video. I hope you have a great weekend.