What up, babies? I'm back again, back again with another lit candle review. Okay, y'all, this one is from White Barn, from the infamous, often imitated, never duplicated, what? Champagne Toast. Look at the packaging. Fight me. Look, look, look, look, look. How pretty is this in its simplicity? It's absolutely gorgeous. I don't know what it is about it, but it's like a rainbow. And yeah, I got the same night, y'all know. I told you I only got a couple. It is what it is. I'm clean now, alright.

Shane: Ain't nobody worried about that. Ain't nobody got time for that.

Okay, alright y'all. So for those of you who've seen the last video mentioning this candle, yeah y'all. And for those of you who don't know what I'm talking about, I think that Goose Creek may have used this candle as inspiration for their Champagne Sparkle, aka Champagne Balls. Yeah, that was shade. They bathed us. Yeah, they repackaged something. I don't understand why people do that. That's like, okay, I'm not even trying to be funny. That's like me putting on a different outfit and calling myself Bethany. Huh? It's the same.

Alright, come on, focus. Alright, I'm just annoyed. We know, we know, we know. Alright, okay, so Champagne Toast, this packaging, it's probably not available anymore. I got this back in 2019, I believe. I have another one in the closet. They don't care. Okay, let me tell you a little history about Champagne Toast and me. First time I smelled it, it was so potent that I had to take it downstairs. But it was okay being downstairs because that's when I used to work downstairs when I had my little home office downstairs. But I kind of moved it up here. Shane: I don't care. I don't care. Just make, make a point. Oh, the point is it's potent. Alright, so I may have to move it downstairs in the midst of it all. Okay, thank you. Alright, I could pull it together when I want to. Alright, so let's look at the wax which I know is white wax with, I'm saying chicken legs, I'm calling it. Who, who, who putting in with me? Is that how y'all do when you roll dice and stuff? I don't know how to do that. Never rolled a dice a day in my life. You play Monopoly. Okay, here we go, y'all should have bet me. Well then, you would have wanted. Oh, okay. Yeah, we got white wax and chicken, chili chicken.

[Music]

Yeah, stupid. I didn't smell it by taking the top off. What in the going on? Oh, oh, oh, since I stopped burning the other candle, I'm going to smell it. Okay, let's see. It's different. It's different on cold, I promise you. It did this, this it y'all. My wish right. Yeah, this one is more potent. Okay, anyway, so uh, uh, uh, um, the notes. How about that? We got bubbly champagne, we got sparkling berries, juicy tangerine, essential oils. Okay, so let me trim light and get this puppy started, y'all. And I will be back and we will get to the bottom of this. Alright, stay tuned.

Y'all, I don't know what's going on but the throw on this Champagne Toast, it's weak. It's weak, it's weak. Is that cross out? It's weak. I don't even hardly smell it, y'all, and it's been going for like two, three hours. What the, what's going on? Don't know, y'all. These might have to go back in bowl. I'm just saying, I'm just saying. And I got two of these. Yeah, um, I don't know, maybe I should put on the warmer. This week, it's the weakest week, it's like a five. Now, the one I had before, that was a ten for me that I had to take downstairs. Shane: Shut up, was in a different packaging. Are you me? Alright, alright. Alright, let me get back to, um, throwing away some of these old clothes. Yeah, I'm working today, Sunday, and I'm trying to declutter. It's not a clutter, Shane, because it's upstairs in the crawl space. Shane: Shut up. See, she's an enabler. No, but for me, I got too much old clothes I haven't worn in years. I gotta get rid of it. I got to, I got to, I got to. So, alright, alright, I can't waste no more time with y'all. Let me get to it, but I'm appalled. Stay tuned.

Hey, hey, how you doing? Alright y'all, so it's late, it's hours later, and um, I don't blue shield, let her recall, re-lit her, turns on the warmer, not the lamp. She's on the warmer while she's burning and she moved from a five to a six. Yeah, um, Champagne Sparkle, aka Champagne Bubbles from Goose to the Creek, used Bath and Body Works Champagne Toast as inspiration. What? Y'all know what I mean. Different outfits, but yeah, is, you know, I say so, right? This might be controversial, but I'm gonna say it anyway. Um, there's no patent in a candle scent, right? None that I know about. So if a company is inspired by a scent from another company, it's an inspiration, right? Some, somebody says, but I'm gonna say inspiration. We know, but if that company takes said candle, puts it in a different outfit and calls it something else, that's a dupe. To me, to me. Yeah, so having said all that, performance wise, other than the weak ass throw, this is a nice looking, performing candle, y'all. I have another one, but she's going back in bowl. I don't need two of this week, point-blank period. I don't. I would rather have, I'm gonna say it, Champagne Sparkle, goodness. Now, the Champagne Toast I have from before was a powerhouse. I don't know what they did different, but whatever they did, they need to undo it. Alright, anywho, yeah, she's so pretty though. She's so pretty. But yeah, she's weak. Um, and who, maybe it's my, um, pH balance. Um, let me know if y'all had this exact one, not the one from before. What, not a different packaging, this packaging, and tell me what your throw is. I'm very curious. Maybe I should tell you how to, um, what is the SKU on the back? What is it called? I don't know what it is, but right now she's hot so I can't tell y'all. Maybe if I remember, I'll put it in the description box below. And, um, because whatever this, huh, alright, wrap it up, okay. So, anywho, haven't said all that, having said all of that, I will see you babies. I love you guts and be good. Alright, come on, you can do it.