So guys, this is the Sony WH-CH720N. It's a lot more gentle on the wallet if you're in the market for something that doesn't cost as much as Sony's flagship models, the WH-1000XM4 and XM5 headphones. But of course, for that lower price point, you can expect some trade-offs in terms of features and build quality. Right off the bat, these don't have high-res audio support, so no high-res LDAC codec streaming. It doesn't have touch controls or the speak-to-chat feature, and no wear detection either to save battery by automatically pausing your music when you take the headphones off. This is a feature that the XM4 and the XM5s have. You do get DSEE upscaling, which upscales your old music files to get them to sound more high-res, but only the base version, not the AI-powered extreme version that's included on the more expensive models.

And compared to the flagship Sony's, these do feel a lot more light and brittle. Like, if I were to stretch the headband like this, I feel like if I stretch it beyond a certain point, this part over here might snap. It really does feel like a different grade of plastic and the XM4s and XM5s can take a bit more punishment than these headphones. No carrying case either, so it's pretty clear that Sony is going quite far in trying to make these as affordable as they can. But what it does have that the flagship models do is the same Sony Headphones Connect app support, giving you the usual EQ settings, 20 levels of ambient mode. It also has multi-point pairing, which allows you to connect up to two devices to these headphones at the same time, and the same integrated V1 noise-canceling processor as the flagship models. So its noise-canceling power could actually be quite close to the top-shelf Sony's.

The question is, how close is it going to be to the Sony WH-1000XM4 or XM5 in terms of noise canceling, sound, or call quality? We're gonna listen to some binaural sound samples, so I recommend buying headphones to hear all the details. And do subscribe and tap the bell button to stay notified of more reviews from this channel. In terms of sound quality, I tested them on flat EQ settings with DSEE upscaling turned on, and what I didn't like about its sound quality is its bass response. It hits all the right buttons for me in terms of punch and bass extension, even giving the mid-range vocals in my music a nice undertone of gravity. It's overall an energetic sound signature, and if you dig that, this will sound just fine. But vocals and instrumental tracks also sound a tad more dull than the flagship Sony headphones. It makes them sound a bit more muffled in the mid-range. Comparing their frequency sweeps with the flagship Sony's seems to show a significant dip in the 3 to 4 kilohertz region, which could explain why its sound staging also sounds quite narrow and compact, which is a contrast to the open and airy sound staging delivered by the flagship Sony's. Otherwise, the 720Ns have a similar tuning to the WH-1000XM5. Listen to the following sound samples and tell me in the comments if you can hear the difference between these headphones.

[Music]

When I met you, we were like fire and by the way guys, if you want to compare the 720Ns sound quality to other headphones, visit a lot of wireless.com sound samples page. Link in the description. Now, let's compare their call quality to the flagship Sony's using some really loud cafe-style background noise and some wind noise coming from this fan.

Alright, I've now been making a phone call in a quiet place using the Sony WH-CH720N. I have now been making a phone call in a quiet place using the Sony WH-1000XM4. I am now making a phone call in a quiet place using the Sony WH-XM5. Using Sony WH-CH720N.

So, in terms of call quality in quiet places, my voice sounds pretty okay. It was a little muffled, yes, maybe a tad too muddy, but it's still quite intelligible. However, these will struggle with voice pickup in very noisy conditions. I mean, you've just heard it. It wasn't able to cut the background noise very well. In terms of active noise canceling, I have to say that these are pretty awesome. When I first tried it, I thought it was very close to the XM4's noise canceling, and it doesn't seem to have the variable ANC nonsense of the XM5 either. So as far as noise canceling goes, these are really good for the price you're paying, as you can hear in the following sound samples, which are recorded using the same background noise that I use for the call quality test.

[Music]

In terms of transparency mode, I was equally impressed, to be honest. It sounded very transparent, almost like you're not wearing headphones, although there still is a little bit of screen door effect. There was very little hiss in the background, which is great. Overall, pretty close to the transparency of the WH-1000XM4, believe it or not. By the way, guys, if you want to compare these headphones' call quality and the active noise canceling to other headphones, do become a member for one dollar per month or more. This gives you full access to my personal comparison tool, which you can use to compare headphones A to B at your own time and at your own pace. Many people have joined up because they know that this is going to save them so much time being able to just cut through all the marketing and compare these headphones remotely. So become a member. Click on the link below to find out more.

To conclude, yes, many corners have been cut to make the CH720N more affordable for folks who don't want to spend that much on the headphones. That is reflected in its build quality and the features. Plus, I wasn't particularly impressed with its sound quality either. I mean, it's good, but as someone coming from the flagship Sony headphones and earbuds, I do prefer its track separation to sound cleaner and to be more crisp in the mids and the highs. However, it does have active noise canceling that's extremely close to the best headphones Sony has to offer while retaining many important aspects like headphones Connect app support and the multi-point pairing. It's also quite lightweight and comfortable to wear. Its cushions are not the most plush or soft, but if you're looking for something that's nice to use on your daily commute, this is definitely comfortable enough. A couple of hours every day, not a problem at all. So if you want something that does not require a large investment, you should definitely look at the Sony CH720N. Overall, these are pretty nice.

So that's my take. Thanks for watching. Oh, by the way, guys, if you want to watch more reviews from this channel, get subscribed and tap the bell button to stay notified. I've also got some Amazon links to the CH720N in the description, so do click on the link if you want to check the latest prices. Smash like and share to refill my HP. I'm also on Discord, so if you have Discord, come and join the chat. Link is in the description. If you want to watch my review of the Sony WH-1000XM5, watch this video over here or watch another video from this channel.