Hi everyone, and welcome back to another Jazzy Wix Candle review. So today I am reviewing another Chesapeake Bay candle for you. You might have watched my previous review; I literally filmed it just before this one but spread out the reviews on my channel, so hence why I look exactly the same. I'm filming them one after the other. I've just reviewed Lemongrass and Eucalyptus, which I'll link down below just in case you haven't watched it. But I am now reviewing Strength and Energy Pineapple and Coconut.

So this again was £7.99, the same as the previous one, and I got it in the sale for £6.39. It's not much of a big deal but a little bit of a discount there. It's 96 grams, and just for anyone that didn't watch the last video, just in case you don't want to go back and watch it, Chesapeake Bay Candle and Yankee Candle are now owned by parent company Newell Brands. Excuse me for looking down; I can't remember all that off the top of my head, I'm reading it off my iPad. So they announced the decision in 2019 to consolidate under one roof. 

Basically, Chesapeake Bay Candles are 100% non-toxic, made from high-quality oil and soy wax. It looks like they all consolidate under one roof of the New Jersey Corporation Home Fragrance Division. When you go on the UK Yankee Candle website, you've got Woodwick Candle at the top, Yankee Candle, and now you've got Chesapeake Bay. This is a new addition. I did see them online; I wasn't too bothered about trying them, but then I went to the store, and they were in there, so I gave some of them a cold sniff and thought, why not get a couple of small ones since they were on offer. So I managed to get a couple for around £13. Why not give them a go? Someone's got to review them.

Let me have a look at the scent notes for this one. So, before I get onto the scent notes, this is also at the moment of filming the fragrance of the season, so it's got 25% off. This comes in a medium candle, a small candle, and a large candle. It also comes in a large three-wick candle. Let me just click on the small one here. This one's actually £5.99 on the website at the moment of filming, and I paid £6.39 for it, but I don't know if that is just an in-store offer. I don't know if that was a fragrance of the season offer.

We have top notes of verbena, bergamot, grapefruit, and mango, with mid notes of pineapple, coconut, ozone, and melon, with base notes of orange blossom, amber, musk, and vanilla.

This beauty, I really, really liked. Unfortunately, this one just didn't perform quite as well. It was a little bit more on the weak side. It was not as strong as the one that I had already reviewed – I keep forgetting what that one's called – Lemongrass and Eucalyptus. This one wasn't quite as strong. The main notes that I got through on this one were definitely the pineapple and the coconut. I feel like my lights just got brighter. That's strange. I don't know if it's because the sun's gone in. Ignore me. So, pineapple and coconut, maybe a little bit of vanilla, a little bit of the musk, but it was just very, very weak compared to the other one. I would say for a throw rating, probably looking at maybe five, maybe four. The other one filled this whole room that I'm in, and the door was open, and I walked up to it, and I could smell it straight away. This one just wasn't as strong. I had to be basically hanging over it to really get a decent smell of it. You could definitely smell that there was something there. There was definitely the pineapple and the coconut; it was just so, so weak.

So unfortunately for me, one good one, one bad one for the experiences at the moment. This one I personally wouldn't recommend, whereas the Lemongrass Eucalyptus I would. But yeah, this one, I'm probably gonna go with a four out of ten. I think even that's still being generous because it was very, very weak. I'm still interested in trying some others. I would maybe like to try the larger-sized jars, but yeah, for me, I've had one good one, I've had one bad one. But you can't win them all. Some Yankee Candles are awful, some are great. Same as Woodwicks, same as any brand. Sometimes you do get a bad one. But yeah, for me, Pineapple Coconut was a bit of a dud, not one that I'll be getting again. It was just far too weak. I feel like coconut can be quite a strong scent as well, but on this occasion, this one, not for me. Wasn't strong enough, didn't fill the room. It performed nicely, like it didn't tunnel, small mushroom on the top, no soot, but yeah, just for the scent side of it, unfortunately, it just wasn't strong enough. So not one that I'd recommend.

If you have got any Chesapeake Bay scents that you think I should try, then let me know. But as always, thank you for watching, and I'll get a new review out for you soon.