Look at these little guys. They're called the JBL Vibe Beam in-ear true wireless earbuds with plenty of bass at an affordable price. I'm talking through all of the details right now so you know if they're a good fit for you.

[Music]

Andrew from Apt here with the JBL Vibe Beam true wireless earbuds. They're fifty dollars. They come in black and white, and they're called Beam because of this little guy right here. JBL actually has two other models in the line: there's a bud that removes the stick and the Vibe Flex that leaves it open. These are just simple and stylish. Now I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, "Andrew, you can make anything look stylish. How do I know if they look stylish on me?" You're thinking that, right? Fortunately, we have them on display at the Apt store, so you can come by and check them out. Also, links below to check them out online. But let me tell you some details first.

These guys were first announced at CES a couple of months ago, and the idea is generally to bring decent specs to affordable true wireless earbuds, and fifty is really nice for true wireless buds from a reputable brand. The buds themselves are rated IP54 resistant, which means they can resist dust and they can withstand splashes from water. The case is IPX2, so it's not tested for dust, but it's kind of water resistant itself. Between them, you get 32 hours of battery life: eight on the buds, 24 on the case. They can also charge pretty quickly, so if they're out of juice, you can give them a couple of hours of life after 10 minutes of having them plugged in. They have an eight-millimeter dynamic driver, 16 ohms of impedance, and what JBL calls deep bass sound.

Given the longer battery life, JBL added another feature to help you keep them on throughout your day: Ambient Aware and Talk Through mode. And yes, I just said two things, but there are two sides of basically the same thing. Ambient Aware intentionally lets sound through the headphones so you can hear what's going on around you, and Talk Through is a version of that that makes background noise a little quieter and voices a little louder, so you can have your music playing and then have a quick conversation with your co-worker in which he tells you to stop roping him into goofy cameos in videos. And then you can go right back to writing the script that includes his goofy cameo. And because you have the earbuds in, you can pretend you didn't hear them. You did; you had Talk Through, but you can pretend you didn't.

You can also hear your own voice when you're on a call, if you want, with Voice Aware, and you can customize how much of your voice to hear with the JBL app. If you're a loud talker, such as no one I can think of, you can turn that right on down. So, app compatibility, bass emphasis, Ambient Aware, Talk Through, plenty of battery life, and style to boot—JBL fit a lot into these fifty dollar buds. But I guess I shouldn't call them buds since those are a different shape of the same JBL Vibe line. JBL fit a lot into these beams.

So, beam them up on your headphone shortlist and beam yourself down to Apt to try them on because it's a Star Trek reference. And speaking of sci-fi, you don't even have to check them out in person. You can check us out online, over the phone. I mean, talk about futuristic tech—how cool is that?

Also, be cool if you would like and subscribe, pretty please, and thank you very much for watching.