Hey everyone, welcome back to the channel. I appreciate you clicking on that video, as always. We are back with another "Is This Worth It?" video, where I go over a fragrance, talk about it, maybe it's been hyped at one point, maybe it's hyped today, and I tell you if it is still worth it to buy right now. Now I can say with 100% certainty that this fragrance we’re talking about today is absolutely hyped and hyped by the biggest fragrance YouTuber known, Jeremy Fragrance. We all know who he is, at least most of us do. If you're watching this video, odds are very high that you have watched a Jeremy video. Some of you guys are pushed here through the YouTube algorithm and you might not even know why you clicked on a fragrance video. I encourage you to stick around and watch this entire video. But the scent we are talking about today is, of course, Nautica Voyage. 

I'm going to tell you what kind of fragrance Nautica Voyage is, what type of performance I get from it, how much it actually costs, and do I like it? Is it worth it in 2023? 

Let's jump into it. Really quickly guys, we are approaching 5,000 subscribers and I could not be happier. I appreciate all the support you guys have shown me. I just did a 4K giveaway on a bottle of Juicy Couture's Dirty English, and I plan on doing another 5,000 subscriber giveaway. So help me get there. We're not too far away, maybe 700 some odd subscribers short. As soon as we hit 5K, I'm gonna do another giveaway. But I want to thank you guys for supporting the channel. As always, like this video, subscribe to the channel, and hit that bell so you know when I upload new content.

So, Nautica Voyage. Nautica Voyage has been around since around the mid-2000s, I want to say 2005 or 2006. At that time, it was a really popular scent. It’s one of those ones that was sort of featured if you walked into a Macy's. This was one that was sort of pushed into your face advertising-wise from the people working the fragrance counter. Chances are you probably smelled Nautica Voyage on a test strip, someone shoved this one in your face. Fast forward to just a few years ago, with this explosion of online YouTube content surrounding fragrances. At the forefront of that was, of course, Jeremy Fragrance. 

Jeremy has over a million subscribers on YouTube and TikTok, and this is a fragrance that he's talked about pretty much from the beginning and continues to talk about to this day. So it begs the question, is this a fragrance that is worth it when it's almost 20 years old? At this point, is it still worth it? Is it still worth the hype? Is it still worth the biggest fragrance YouTuber pushing this constantly? 

Well, let's talk about the scent first. Let's look at the atomizer. I already know what the atomizer is—total garbage. Complete garbage atomizer. There are times where nothing even comes out. When I wear this, I have to spray it basically 50 times. Horrible atomizer. 

Now, what do I get in the air? Wow, it's in the air. It's a very unique scent. There are not very many fragrances that I can put my finger on that smell quite like this. A lot of people get instantly this cucumber, which I get that. I get sort of a grassy, green fruitiness to this. It's more of a pickled cucumber, so it's a little sour, especially on skin. I think some of that might be the aquatic accord that the perfumer was going for on this. By the way, the perfumer on this is Maurice Roucel, and he’s done a lot of fragrances that you guys would probably know. 

Now, immediately right off the top, there is an alcohol blast. So you get some perfume with alcohol, but it doesn't last very long. It kind of goes away pretty quickly. Then I start getting that sort of pickled greenness to this. When I say pickled, I don't want you to think like sour pickles. It's not overtly sour. It does have a little bit of sour, but that sweetness also balances it out, so it's actually a nice sort of juxtaposition of the two. I'm also picking up sort of a woodiness to this. It's really fresh. It's a little floral. There is again that fruitiness. There's really little to no citrus in here, so you might expect citrus from an aquatic scent, something called Nautica Voyage, but it really does, for me, evoke the sense of being on the ocean. Which, look, it could be the bottle, it could be just sort of the presentation and the juice color and the name of the fragrance being Nautica Voyage, but I really do get this sort of just feeling of being on the ocean, being on a boat, and it's not a bad thing. 

I don't necessarily really get a specific fruit from this, but it is fruity. It reminds you of maybe something in the vein of an apple or even a peach. It has sweetness to it, but it's not cloying. It's just really well-blended. You'd be surprised with a cheap fragrance like this. I'll get into cost and everything in a minute, but for such a cheap fragrance, you actually are getting something that smells of a higher quality, that's blended really well, that doesn't smell overly synthetic or cheap. This is cheap. One of the things that Jeremy totes all the time is that this fragrance is Amazon's number one top seller. I don't know if that's the case. I'm actually gonna try to put a graphic here if I can to see what the number one most sold men's fragrance is, but I can see why it would be. It's really versatile. This is a great warm weather scent. However, it also has aspects to it that make this more signature-worthy than just a summer freshie. I think that's where it's best utilized, as a summer fresh fragrance. 

I did a video not too long ago of some of my favorite gym fragrances, so I think this would also be ideal for throwing in your gym bag, just having a clean smell if you're working out. I know some people don't like fragrance when working out. It doesn't mean you have to douse yourself in it. You can put a couple of sprays on, you're not gonna offend anyone. If you're offending someone with a couple of sprays of Nautica Voyage at the gym, they must have sensitive noses, and I can appreciate that some people do. But for the most part, this is not a massive projector. This is not going to choke anybody out. You will get noticed, I think, to some degree, but again, you're gonna have to spray a little heavier. It's just not a big projector. It sits closer to the skin.

The notes for Nautica Voyage: top notes are apple and green leaves; mid notes are lotus and mimosa; and the base notes are musk, cedar, oakmoss, and amber. 

Getting to the price on Amazon, if you went and bought this today, you're gonna spend under $20. It's around $18. I'm gonna link it down below, but I'm also gonna link The Perfume Spot, which is even cheaper. I think you can get it for like $15 through The Perfume Spot, and they have really fast shipping. That's my preferred sort of discount site that I use in addition to some others, but they usually have what I'm looking for, for really cheap. Nautica Voyage has a million flankers that can normally be found at discounters and in rack stores. That's also what I should add: this is popping up all the time at Marshalls, TJ Maxx, and Burlington. So you can usually find this in those stores. The price is gonna be a tiny bit more than what I just told you guys. It's usually around $19.99, just over $20 for this. Sometimes it's cheaper than that, sometimes it is around $16.99. It depends on the store and the day. But it has a million flankers that are all decent, they're all good. There are some that are better than others, some that I could do without. I say stick to the OG. This is still the best one to grab if you're going to grab a Nautica Voyage. 

So yeah, I think this is worth it in 2023. You're really not losing much, right? Either way, you slice it, you're paying under $20. But I also think what you're getting with that $20 is something original. It doesn't smell like anything else. There are things that I've smelled that remind me of Nautica Voyage that came out later. I think at the time, this wasn't trying to copy anything. This was trying to be an original, a fresh aquatic men's scent that doesn't lean necessarily youthful. To me, I think young guys can easily pull this off, I think older guys can easily pull this off. There's nothing in here that says youthful or mature. It's dead center, gonna appease everyone. Women really like this scent, and I've been complimented wearing this by women. I think they just like that blend of sweet, woody freshness, slightly aquatic. There is a little saltiness to it. It's just a really clean scent that doesn't come across as overly soapy or shower-gel-like. It has a lot of greenness to it, despite its presentation. You might think this is a blue fragrance, but it has a lot of greenness to it, woodiness, and cleanliness, and I love it. I want to say that my daughter chose this in one of my first videos that

 I did for the channel. I want to say that she chose this as her favorite cheapie.

Okay, good. Now smell this one and tell me which one you like better: the one you just smelled or the one I got?

Which one do you like better?

This one.

Okay then, I did guys. Emmy has spoken. The winner of today's cheapie challenge, judged by the one and only Amelia, my three-year-old daughter, is... you want to hold it up? Cheap Nautica Voyage wins. This is one that many people like, many people will enjoy. You don't have to think too much about it. The fragrance snobs probably have something to say about it. It's not up to their caliber of scent, especially if you found it at a rack store. But we don't care what the fragrance snobs think. Let them do what they do. But in my opinion, Nautica Voyage is worth it in 2023 and you really can't go wrong for your money spent here. Great scent in terms of longevity. It actually lasts a good amount of time. I mean, you're getting pretty much a full day's wear. It dries down into this really nice salty, woody musk. Just pleasant and you can still smell it. Again, not a massive projector, but it projects decently well for the first hour, so you will get noticed with it on. 

I wouldn't even say it's necessarily a familiar scent. I truly think this is an original and one that is worth you considering grabbing for your collection. Nautica Voyage. That's all I have today, guys. Let me know in the comment section down below: do you own a bottle of Nautica Voyage? Have you owned a bottle in the past? What are your thoughts on it? If you like what you saw today, please be sure to like, comment, subscribe, share this video, hit that bell notification so you'll be updated whenever I upload new content. But until then, have a fantastic day and I'll see you in the next video.

[Music]