Hey guys, today I'm going to do a review for Chesapeake Bay candles. If you guys do not know this about me, if you're a new subscriber or if you're an old subscriber, you might already know what I'm talking about. I am very, very obsessed with candles and I do a lot of hauls from Bath & Body Works, candles, and stuff like that. I am planning to do a huge candle haul probably next week. We're going to talk about the company a little bit. Chesapeake Bay candles are a very well-known candle brand. They're sold at Target, Bed Bath & Beyond, and Kohl's. So they are very well known. I purchased a couple of candles from this brand and my all-time favorite one is Orchid Guava. I repurchased that candle multiple times because I just love the scent of that candle. Not only can you find them in stores, but you can also find them online, so I'll link them down below. The candles I'm going to be reviewing for you guys today are their Holiday Collection, so I think these are perfect for Christmas gift ideas and I hope you guys enjoy this review.

Alright, so the first candle we're going to talk about is Spiced Berry. It looks like this. The packaging is amazing. You can give this as a gift like this already; you don't even have to wrap it because it comes with the bow. It looks like this and the candle is in here. It's just amazing packaging. I love it. Super cute and festive. And this smells amazing. My mom and I love this scent. This is one of our favorites out of all the candles I'm going to be showing you guys. If you could smell this through the computer, you guys would love this too. It smells just like Christmas. I just freaking love it. If you go by any of the stores that I mentioned and just stop by and smell, you guys will love it. So they describe this scent as luscious berries shimmering with seasonal spices of cinnamon and crushed nutmeg over energizing orange, crisp apple, and a welcoming hint of warm vanilla. This is like Christmas in a candle. It just smells so good.

Okay, so the candle itself looks like this and it's just like a frosty, glossy silver container. It just says the name of the candle right here. Open the candle, it has a little cover right here so it won't ruin the wick, and it looks like this. This smells so good. Alright, so my mom asked me not to burn this candle until Christmas because she just loves the scent so much and it just gives like a warm, Christmassy aroma. So I really like this candle. If you guys want to have a nice Christmas scent candle, definitely check this one out.

Alright, so the next candle is called Falling Snow. It looks like this. It's like a blue and silver packaging. Super cute, like I said. The scent is described as cheerful yet pristine, sparkling citrus and crisp green notes dance over snow-dusted furs as hints of frosted mint and cool vanilla complete this clean combination. Like a child at the sight of a snowball, excitement glitters in the air. So when you open it, it looks like this. Like I said, it has a glossy silver finish on the container and the name of the candle right here. It definitely reminds me of peppermint and just like a fresh, crisp winter day. So if you guys like minty candle scents, this is the one for you. Definitely check this one out.

The next candle I'm going to be talking about is called Frosted Evergreen. This one is described as a holiday mistletoe berry with frosted musk. This one smells just like a fresh tree that you would get for Christmas. It smells so good. I'm actually burning this one right now in my living room. It looks like this. It's the same design with the frosted glass and just the picture on it. It smells so amazing. So if you like that kind of scent, definitely check this one out. I don't want to burn myself right now.

Alright, so the big candles retail for $20 and I feel like it's very reasonable because it's the same price as Bath & Body Works three-wick candles, and these have cute packaging. You can get them and they're ready to go because of the cute bows and stuff like that. They smell amazing. They have a very long burning time. So I'd say if you guys don't want to commit to buying one huge candle, you can buy the mini version of all three holiday scents. This is a perfect gift. Also, you can give this to one person or gift it to three people and just give them one of each. They smell really, really good. If you guys aren't into candles and just want to test out these candles to see if you want to buy the full size, you can do that. This is so cute, like they're just so adorable and mini. I love mini anything, so this is really cute to me.

Alright, thanks for watching. I hope you guys enjoyed my review. If you guys are candle lovers like I am, you're probably like, "She's so excited talking about candles. Why does she like candles so much?" To me, I think it's so relaxing. I love the aroma. It just smells good. I do like candles throughout the whole year. Even if it's summer and spring and it's hot outside, I do like candles all year round. I love all seasonal scents, just the fruity scent. I love any type of candle. I gifted my whole family Christmas candles and they all loved them. I got my boyfriend into candles, my dad, my mom. My mom buys her own candles without me knowing. She puts them in the bathroom, the kitchen, the living room, and it just gives ideas and they smell awesome. Who wouldn't appreciate a candle? I feel like I'm a grandma for loving candles, but everyone has something they're obsessed with and I am obsessed with candles. So I hope you enjoyed my review and see you guys in my next video. Bye guys.