Welcome back to The Breakdown. Today we're going to take a look at Anker's new budget-friendly set of wireless earbuds. These are Anker's low-end set of wireless earbuds with a lot of cool features and really good battery life, but they're missing certain things like noise reduction. However, I think a lot of people will be very happy with this if you're looking for a more budget-friendly option where maybe noise cancellation isn't very high on your list of needs. We'll take a look at the pros and cons of this, let you know what I think of them, and more.

First, these were not review units; I did buy these with my own money to test out and give you a full review from myself. Pricing on these changes so rapidly I hate to give you a price and have it be wrong. I'll put a link to it in the show notes and in the first pinned comment down below. You can find it on Amazon there if you have any questions.

And lastly, before we get into the review, could you do me a favor? Help us grow, help me support my family, and let YouTube know you enjoy what we do here by hitting that subscribe button and giving a thumbs up. Doing one or both lets YouTube know you enjoy what we do here so YouTube recommends our videos to more people, helping us grow, helping us support our families, and hopefully helping you decide if this product's right for you.

So with that said, let's dive in and take a look at the case and then we'll look at the earbuds. Now I do love that it does come with this little strap. You can clip this on your backpack or maybe your belt, all kinds of places. Nice little bonus feature there. It does have a USB-C charger on the case, which I love. Everything should be USB-C. Micro USB needs to die. It's a clamshell-type case, just pops open here. You pop open the little standard wireless earbuds. Now it does come with different size rubber tips here so you can swap those out. I love rubber ones; for me, I find them maybe the most comfortable. I also love them because you can pick out different sizes and adjust it to your liking. I also love this form factor. I find it sits really nicely against your ear. You can tap and play and more right here with all kinds of different settings—double tap, triple tap, long tap, single tap. And if you go into the free Soundcore app, you can adjust what these taps do with it. Very comfortable, very nice with it.

Let's take a look at everything that came with this. I want to talk about a few pros and cons with it here, starting off with the fact that these are not noise cancellation ones. The audio quality is very good. I think for a lot of people that won't be a problem. Actually, it's probably safer, especially if you're walking in a big city. Being able to hear what's coming up behind you, where noise cancellation can block that out, could be a safety feature there. Two, the battery life on this—they advertise 10 hours, and that seems reasonable. Now, those 10-hour ones are often tested at about medium volume, so take that with a grain of salt. If you're maxing out your volume, that might not be good for your ears to do that for a long period of time, but it means the speakers in these have to work harder, they draw more power, and the battery doesn’t last as long. It does have over 30 hours of total charging when you count the case. So, 10 hours on a single charge—fully charge your earbuds, take them out of the case, put them in your ear—10 hours. I think for most people, that will get you through a long day of listening to music or more as you're working in the yard, going around, making phone calls, and more.

Now, phone call quality was very good. It does have multiple microphones in it. I had no problems with people hearing me, and I could clearly hear them as I used these for phone calls. As I'm working at my desk, I often use a Bluetooth headset so I can keep typing, taking notes, and more as I talk to people, which is a really nice little bonus feature there. Overall, very happy with these. Again, Anker's lower-end budget line ones. They have much higher-end ones with noise cancellation and a lot more bells and whistles. Good bass, good mid-range, good high range. Now, are they Beats Audio or Bose Wave Radio? No, but you're not paying that price. If you're specifically looking for a budget-friendly set of wireless earbuds, this is one of the better ones on the market at this price point. I was very, very happy with it. These are great ones I would definitely keep around and use and definitely, I think, maybe even keep in my car as a backup pair so that I never leave home without one and always have that spare pair in case I do.

If you have any questions, leave me a comment and let me know. But I would give this two thumbs up for being budget-friendly, for what it says it's going to do—it does it well—and it has good audio quality with it if you set your expectations to the price point you're spending on this.

You can find this on Amazon in the first pinned comment and in the show notes down below. If you have any questions I didn't answer, leave me a comment and let me know. I'd love to hear from you. If you're new here, hit that subscribe button, hit that thumbs up, let YouTube know you enjoy what we do here so YouTube recommends our videos to more people. We would really appreciate it. Until next time, take care, be safe, and I'll be back again real soon.