Hi, in this video we're going to be opening up and testing this candle which I purchased on Amazon. This is interesting. Oh yeah, okay, so it comes in this box. It's got a little carton. [Laughter] Oh, that's cool. That's really nice. Yeah, wow. Wow, this is a fancy candle. Chesapeake Bay Candle. I can smell it from here already. Really nice. Yeah. I love how it has this, I didn't know it had a little... Let me see if I can take it off here. Oh yeah. Mmm, that's really nice. Wow. Very nice. Beautiful Chesapeake Bay Mind and Body Balance and Harmony Water Lily Pear.

So I took a chance on this one. I didn't know what it smelled like before I bought it because when you buy candles online you can't really smell them. But it had really good reviews and it was the one that was recommended to me by Amazon. It's the one that showed up. I typed in something like, um, candles or just candle and this wasn't the top hit but it was one of the big ones. And it's a soy wax blend, so that's why, that was one of the reasons I bought this. I did a lot of research on candles and I decided that I either wanted to get soy wax, palm wax, or beeswax. I was shopping for one of those three. I didn't want anything else. I spent a lot of time doing research and I figured that one of those three would be the best for me. Oh, it smells amazing. So let's go ahead and light it. Yeah. Look at the size of it. It is a little bit smaller than I thought. I think, looking at the pictures on Amazon, I thought it was going to be a little bit bigger, but I'm kind of happy that it's not bigger. I think it's a good size. Like, it fits in my fist. This is really nice. Mmm, it smells so good. That's shockingly good. It smells better than pretty much every candle I remember smelling at a store.

Okay, it's lit. Oh yeah. Look at that. Beautiful. What a nice candle. I bought some more candles too. I ordered a bunch of candles. This is just one of the candles that I ordered. Um, this is the nicest candle I ordered. I also ordered a multi-pack of candles that I haven't opened yet. I think those are unscented, but I wanted to get one nice candle to start because I'm going to start collecting candles for something that I'm doing. And I'm going to be having lots of candles here in my office, hopefully. So this is probably the first of many candles that I purchase. And so, soy wax blend, that's what did it for me. Amazon recommended it. I think it smells great. It's supposed to burn very slow. Yeah, really, really nice. Really beautiful candle. I like it a lot. I'm very happy with my purchase. I hope this video has been helpful. Good luck.